Items were stolen during the incident .
Hopefully the audience will maintain .
He already sits on the executive board .
This has nothing to do with devolution .
It too had hefty scholarship behind it .
Restrooms are wheelchair accessible .
She is also said to be in good condition .
It may come from within their own party .
He has succeeded triumphantly in this .
Medvedev has made the proposal before .
I was probably wearing the wrong shoes .
Hate spamming is the last thing we need .
They have maintained their innocence .
The chemo sapped the life our of my wife .
Four people were wounded in the attack .
He worried about her level of interest .
More resources for school cadet corps .
I salute these early oceanic pioneers .
Already there are strange bedfellows .
Films can surpass books as works of art .
And trouble is the operative word here .
But ethanol producers are unenthused .
There are red light running cameras up .
She told a judge she feared for her life .
Then there are a lot of white buildings .
Then summer arrived and school let out .
Sunlight pours through the glass roof .
They are nevertheless very difficult .
Clinton was not in the state at the time .
Unsuccessful applicants can reapply .
Expect that number to grow this season .
It will use that money to buy back stock .
I believe that both of them are in print .
They know their supply is getting less .
Defaults may be an even bigger problem .
There is money for free lunch every day .
It was a huge noise and a huge vibration .
It had nothing to do with me personally .
We all know many athletes use steroids .
They should be criminally prosecuted .
Umezawa believes he has to make a stand .
They just centered on the wrong person .
The herd did not say this four years ago .
But scientists have no clue what it ate .
Thomas has three homers in three games .
Chelsea can indeed feel wronged today .
On the principal that it might be quiet .
The next president must do much better .
Then there are the kids to contend with .
He knew a great deal about the disorder .
Two others were acquitted at that time .
It was pretty dramatically up and down .
The crowd pressed in on the wheelchair .
Three people died and two were injured .
They are most dangerous when still wet .
Since then she has voted sporadically .
The whole city smells of burning tires .
Maryland does not require such checks .
It will get harder to get a job as a woman .
Ensure you fully understand the risks .
Winners do not need to be present to win .
Barbuto favors hanger or skirt steaks .
It is to assert oneself the equal of men .
All this has probably gone by the board .
Thanks for that enlightening article .
So much for that new centered attitude .
Obama was just a freaking piece of luck .
Motion to buy a new backhoe for the town .
The tormented sense of self rings true .
Planning can help ease the transition .
He was also given a big retention bonus .
But the storms of the past are receding .
It lacks any way of resolving disputes .
To many hand outs is not good for anyone .
Your article evoked painful memories .
These guys do it for the love of the game .
Domestic policy is just as disastrous .
Five suspected pirates were captured .
I believe we have a perception problem .
He was totally committed to his family .
Some of the debts have already matured .
The public square is the public square .
War is one of the enduring themes of art .
Rumours about his health are constant .
Ghana can now boast quite a collection .
You are now free to move about the cabin .
It will not establish permanent bases .
Nor is it something we expect to happen .
Seniority certainly has its benefits .
He was given the honorary rank of major .
Voters are facing their own deadlines .
He is currently ninth in the standings .
Close your eyes to cut out distraction .
This revolution business is hard work .
Not all vermiculite has asbestos in it .
Pakistan might be a more difficult job .
For the greedy there is carbon trading .
But demand for change became stronger .
Spray lightly and repeat if necessary .
Wheat prices have halved since spring .
It has set aside such disappointments .
In the end both arrived at the same time .
Rubble was piled several stories high .
But that is insufficient reason to buy .
She was tortured and had head injuries .
There would be no need to mend the tears .
This turns out to be a very radical idea .
They simply have to report the results .
But these campaigns have their limits .
Base camp offered up fine lomito steak .
I have always struggled with my weight .
He said he thought it might be all right .
Such songs are nothing revolutionary .
Neither team would comment yesterday .
A lower ratio indicates weaker demand .
That may be his competitive advantage .
And it appears more trouble lies ahead .
He was in a vehicle that was not armored .
Ample parking in lot across the street .
No surprise to those of us on the ground .
But a political party is not a religion .
Stubblefield is awaiting sentencing .
Their ample size make them hard to miss .
The real problems are with governance .
Camp conditions are basic but orderly .
I have always wanted an identical twin .
It is open to endless interpretations .
Nobody thinks it is a bad life she leads .
But he did not have the right materials .
Slice duck breasts and toss with salad .
There is no physical problem this time .
Cut the chicken into chunks and season .
This would not be your typical getaway .
Corus was not immediately for comment .
I will continue reading your articles .
He did not have a snap election exactly .
She intends to address the conference .
It was unknown how much money was taken .
They have identified the white people .
This is all about present way of living .
That was double the number of last year .
I loved the beginning of your show best .
But he does think the job is worthwhile .
Minnesota bore the brunt of this storm .
But acceptance has been slow in coming .
Shah is familiar with such skepticism .
John is in danger of ruining a good show .
Capello must yearn to make such a claim .
Speakman gave a more downbeat account .
They thought a quick trip would be safe .
Clearly they took the message to heart .
And then these feelings began to recur .
But she won in her hand and went down two .
Not to mention increasing the deficit .
Tuesday to announce the new framework .
Today it is a predominantly black area .
I took the glass from her and set it down .
And it has all happened extremely fast .
These are the changes we can believe in .
There even are perfume sets for babies .
That is why this disease has taken hold .
It gives us more long term job security .
Bad ideas from whomever that new guy is .
Hushovd had himself lodged the appeal .
It was feared that they would try again .
Garrone will introduce the screening.
He still lives with his parents at home .
They could also face decades in prison .
Then it was completely outmaneuvered .
That may sound cynical and dismissive .
Such seizures are getting more common .
The whole staff is inept and small time .
All seven suspects pleaded not guilty .
They are now being treated at hospital .
He is not exactly an unbiased observer .
They also tried to prevent him leaving .
The future of our country depends on it .
This tragedy ripples to hurt everyone .
Its economy relies largely on tourism .
Ainsworth hugs her and calls her a hero .
The gun is then marked with a proof mark .
They too deny all charges against them .
I think that song is a good piece of work .
Then they were split into three groups .
Jurors began deliberations this week .
Huckabee has criticized the decision .
Everyone who can be sued should be sued .
He still hopes to resurrect the scheme .
And the merchants were ready to join in .
Humans are not species nor subspecies .
Housing prices are continuing to sink .
The age of studio trickery was dawning .
Just to see how many people would buy it .
Even political rivals paid him homage .
My thoughts go out to his lovely family .
They felt bad about censoring letters .
Football is about winning at all costs .
And this person must be having a bad day .
I agree with most of the above comments .
But he can also be tenderly protective .
Hip boutiques opened next to cool bars .
It beats online in a number of respects .
The crew received only minor injuries .
But the importance of senior voters vs.
It was a sad parody of political debate .
You cannot buy that kind of experience .
Also it seems to be easily transmitted .
Nationalist parties voted for the ban .
The others were what passes for normal .
Stocks were up in late morning trading .
Grief counselors were made available .
It comes amid rising levels of obesity .
Schilling escaped eight months later .
The driver of the van was among the dead .
A grin always lit his face admiring her .
My existence is a source of fear to them .
The wingspan of her career is enormous .
And he has since reiterated the pledge .
It is the last convergence trade going .
The local industry could use the boost .
No wonder family life is in taters here .
We just have to keep an eye on the states .
Most of the populace seemed to approve .
It may just lead them back to the middle .
The replies here were icing on the cake .
Someone should have edited this story .
But there are growing recriminations .
All three were in dark hooded clothing .
And bank lending continues to decline .
He could change his plea at a later date .
But formidable problems still remain .
But they were at least partially wrong .
Spend more on prevention and research .
Tent cities were erected within hours .
But that opinion is far from unanimous .
The cause of the fires remains unknown .
Police said the truck was overcrowded .
And perhaps because of the man himself .
Today students we will be scuba diving .
Smugglers are commonly known as mules .
Just a few birds can bring down a big jet .
The pilots are appealing the decision .
I hope everything is going well for you .
I hate when adults are mean to children .
He netted water skeeters off the river .
His signing was announced the next day .
Lovely for a different sort of weekend .
And she was bubbling over with emotion .
We take a very tough stance on gun crime .
Nearly all were from tense mixed areas .
Walking woman surrenders and walks on .
This limit itself needs to be reviewed .
That would be a depressingly long wait .
You people need to get your facts right .
I warned my players not to get provoked .
Calleri closed the game out with an ace .
But the community here is knit closely .
The problem is not just meat and humans .
Tiny bugs dance on the water around him .
The tone was overwhelmingly positive .
I scan the horizon looking for its mate .
Has practically eliminated spoilage .
Click here to see photos of the victims .
But he is taking the incident in stride .
He had been granted bail the day before .
He was wounded in the groin by shrapnel .
There was no single migratory pattern .
Thank you for writing about this topic .
Alleviating it proved more difficult .
None reported a storm of angry viewers .
Schools and universities were closed .
You must not wimp out on the cold plunge .
They were not hurt but were left shaken .
They have a good coach and a good spirit .
Then you can fast forward through them .
So much for a new kind of foreign policy .
I went to the track and had more nuggets .
The school has not hired another coach .
Babyloan is still small in comparison .
It has also annoyed some in the process .
And she wanted to knock down a few myths .
If so he is a fool as well as a faintheart .
I know a lot of people that eat it though .
Kemp says he hopes the show will arouse .
Sherzad says five people were wounded .
We disputed the result of the election .
He announced his big idea for patients .
If you have one breath it is not too late .
Video of the address is available here .
Others were also in this theatre of war .
He added that life was better than ever .
Harvest the stems as buds begin to open .
This has nothing to do with protection .
Poor families in other countries live .
He eventually finished down in eighth .
That brings me to your second question .
This is not a monolithic organization .
He bolted and several shots were fired .
These mice no longer developed asthma .
He died of his wounds earlier this week .
Coumadin is the default prescription .
The newspaper gave no further details .
He says disclaimers should be clearer .
Understated and really rather lovely .
He maintains he never murdered anyone .
The protest violated an emergency ban .
Blank could not be reached for comment .
That prompted groans around the table .
We should be clear in our language here .
Place the tomatoes in a large saucepan .
Do any of them care about the taxpayers .
He wrote several other mystery series .
It is his way and we are all following it .
There is a light at the end of the tunnel .
He did not require hospital treatment .
On their release they left the country .
In addition to recovering lost tax and .
Chinese are extremely nationalistic .
Somebody stopped their continuation .
He drifted in and out of consciousness .
Hall says he has to sleep with earplugs .
Of course there will be financial cost .
Depth is lacking on the defensive line .
The timing was not as odd as it appeared .
Place a bowl over a pan of boiling water .
There is no charge for weekend parking .
Athletica players wanted her ejected .
Nonchalance in the face of perplexity .
This could be a conservative estimate .
He could also inflame the authorities .
We would have a bipartisan commission .
That is where the state dinner comes in .
They will not easily be forced out of it .
Credit cards are more like debit cards .
It is time for a radical shift in policy .
But the lower courts had upheld the law .
Never before has that been more needed .
And it might even make you want to dance .
Perhaps a dingo or coyote took the baby .
And they have asked the courts for help .
Now they want the world to come calling .
But they used to be marginal phenomena .
It has been described as her last stand .
I wanted something that felt grounded .
The building was declared a total loss .
It is probably going to take a few weeks .
But that does not mean it is irrelevant .
It exited recession earlier this year .
Many accused him of fiduciary neglect .
The elephants were waiting at the gate .
All suggestions gratefully received .
The justice seemed to endorse the idea .
That was the only score after halftime .
Demand also was hurt by the mild summer .
The shutout was the sixth of his career .
Arranging meetings became difficult .
Their identities were not made public .
Perform spontaneous acts of kindness .
Rivers and streams have been polluted .
Each and every part of the pig is useful .
So people who look different stand out .
Residents may also report complaints .
Americans do not want to pay more money .
Now he has to find a way of recreating it .
His mother worked three waitress jobs .
It also wants to be multidisciplinary .
The industry is not holding its breath .
It will be a good job for whoever gets it .
Reliance itself says it is ready to bid .
We look forward to hearing their views .
He has been in psychotherapy for years .
Guys with their tools and their gizmos .
Now if he could just pitch a full season .
No one has been charged in the incident .
The starting pitching will be pivotal .
There was no such thing as the internet .
But he never signed the quitclaim deed .
Both had pleaded guilty to grand theft .
We are about the policies of the future .
Possibly my favorite story of the week .
Offer available to new customers only .
All the big monasteries are sealed off .
This will be a significant new element .
Be aware of standards and stick to them .
Everyone seemed to have tunnel vision .
Your freedom lies in hiding your cards .
All you can see is flames and burnt wood .
My life has already been ruined enough .
Put six egg yolks in a large warmed bowl .
Hate was just a failure of imagination .
No crater was formed in the fusion test .
A new database tracks racing injuries .
You can hear the swallowed yelp of pain .
They all seem to be in decent condition .
There is nothing wrong with the system .
The sceptics have some good arguments .
But they do not moderate even a tiny bit .
We have to produce this week in week out .
Good social workers do not sell papers .
It was an exercise in self destruction .
It goes to my own writing in this column .
He predicts he will come in the top five .
The sense of relief is almost palpable .
But the business models are different .
Only two banks look likely to take it up .
The couple said farewell to the tables .
It had nothing to do with global forces .
That makes the airline less efficient .
Clerical error may have put suspect in .
One key lesson we have already learned .
There is no easy answer to this problem .
The opening is unbearably theatrical .
Turner himself is the mystery instead .
His income has shrunk by more than half .
Indoor daily gym workouts are the norm .
So he was for it before he was against it .
It is an activity which can seem unreal .
There was blood on the stones around us .
Well this gives them the chance to do so .
Crocs listed twice in first paragraph .
The assailant was critically wounded .
Boereau had been in line for five hours .
The first draft was too much like a film .
This innings is beyond pathetic so far .
Cruelty is at least a form of attention .
There was no reason give for the change .
The report did not identify the person .
It received the full megaton fist pump .
A soldier died and a second was wounded .
But my feeling is that it is mainly hype .
Now he believes his gamble has paid off .
Cars have never been cheaper or better .
Rationing is also an effective method .
The campaign has taken a stronger tone .
His team toppled conventional wisdom .
And he was finished with closet living .
Reality television was in its infancy .
They have some reasons to be concerned .
But the investigation is far from over .
We have to be masters of our own destiny .
And then you realise it was just the ads .
It will have taken nearly three months .
You may be eligible for a lower premium .
Home foreclosures are at record highs .
I come from a family that loves fishing .
The following is an edited transcript .
But a sharp culture shock is now needed .
He said two shooters had been involved .
We ought to send him a hat with a feather .
That would mean his immediate release .
Bell focuses on the perks of being tall .
She needs a stunning change of fortune .
These are the books you need to read now .
They mistake her for their new teacher .
Surely this could have been predicted .
Hold your arm out parallel to the floor .
The miners had good reason to be afraid .
Nothing will get repealed or replaced .
She brought it on the show and showed it .
They also are seeking bargains online .
It has lowered the number of uninsured .
Brown said he would not blame his aides .
The blogosphere lit up with criticism .
How stupid we are and how soon we forget .
The forest throbs with invisible life .
Some sign that he was thinking about me .
French house prices did rise strongly .
There was no word on injuries to guards .
Duarte had no statement on the meeting .
There are definitely things in common .
Then it starts and people are laughing .
But that does not guarantee him the job .
All its staff are former royal marines .
Politicians have started the process .
And their voice is increasingly heard .
It fell back slightly in the afternoon .
Turns out he was just saving his breath .
Must be a bitter pill for you to swallow .
The situation has been defused for now .
Intelligent design is not bad science .
The discount pioneer has raised fares .
It has become a political issue as well .
She carried a bouquet of white orchids .
That phenomenon is already being felt .
Munster are at their best in adversity .
The beagle is constantly questioning .
He resigned as leader three days later .
Not everything has to be based on money .
There are many guns and many vendettas .
Raccoons uses the same tactics on dogs.
The situation has apparently changed .
The question is how to get these things .
Rising to the top of the heap is not easy .
Not all of the sites are based overseas .
The court did not comment on its action .
Breaking even will do nicely thank you .
Nothing prepared me for the aftermath .
And it is not occupied by a foreign army .
Most buildings quickly found tenants .
Not so much when it comes to the sex life .
Police have issued pictures of the man .
He says urgent action needs to be taken .
The airlines are scaling back flights .
Patch followed exactly one week later .
They received us with smiles and tears .
Someone upstairs loves them very much .
He thought he was having a heart attack .
She has not been suspended from her job .
Retailers fell after the sales report .
The boy has serious clinical problems .
At least two were taken to the hospital .
Budget projections are rarely static .
He was clutching the contract and a pen .
It has already closed its main reactor .
Rothschild has not yet made up her mind .
Her attitude dampened our party plans .
There is such a time machine in our nose .
He is a decent man doing a difficult job .
Fuel efficiency is the biggest factor .
I have never heard a realistic plan of d .
Zloch declined comment for this story .
The first ones to go will be the big ones .
You might also check out a credit union .
Businesses went bust and shops closed .
They could clear it out once and for all .
The hands flutter like agitated moths .
District schools are already on break .
Neither man clearly deserved victory .
Huckabee has disputed similar claims .
The junta is playing just another game .
She closed her eyes to what was going on .
The property had a working smoke alarm .
Much of the time was spent playing golf .
Being confined in any zoo cannot be fun .
There is a lot of serious work to be done .
There are some exceptions to that rule .
This sent shock waves around the world .
Please enjoy our quality responsibly .
Both teens were immediately arrested .
Another three radio ads are available .
Stranger things have surely happened .
The answer may be just a few clicks away .
He was at the moment in a cafe in the city .
You can do it online with little effort .
The banks were making money either way .
Real incomes for many continue to rise .
Corporate profits appear to be strong .
Surely that accounts for this feeling .
Records are being broken incessantly .
They shared three percent of the votes .
I know how to talk and use sign language .
I want to show you a couple of landmarks .
It was both uncanny and anticlimactic .
We need people to vote with their heads .
All aspects should be modern and fresh .
The rest of the loan is due the next year .
Christmas would be a good time to start .
You could see it coming from over there.
They also denied having drunk alcohol .
In a sense all memoirs are exculpatory .
Russia opposes membership for either .
He makes far too much money to go to jail .
Teenagers are not the stars of the show .
He honed his skills in a different time .
What are known are the general figures .
The credit crunch tells us perhaps not .
He returned for the start of the second .
Perhaps we are getting what we deserve .
The basement began filling with water .
He grinned from behind his sunglasses .
But it does not guarantee their return .
The crowd was clearly in the thousands .
Each stroke is mapped onto a single key .
Big retailers have even more work to do .
The balloting will go on for three days .
An abandoned puppy waits for adoption .
This would foster a valuable dialogue .
He received a passport four days later .
I do not know about the situation today .
It was understandable and inevitable .
But it needed topping up several times .
Click here for photos of the octuplets .
Or just buy a really great pair of jeans .
Dorothy produced a journal of the tour .
He looked over at her for confirmation .
The couple met through mutual friends .
Clinton is showing that side this week .
He landed in the hospital for two weeks .
A measure will cost you a small fortune .
He was having a hard time to control him .
Tapings are free and open to the public .
But the cases have languished in court .
His future could not have been bleaker .
He said that could take most of the week .
Syria did not retaliate for the attack .
But others believe they are a nuisance .
Monitor your cash positions day by day .
He is delighted by the recent rat craze .
The route passes in front of the mosque .
He has not proved that scientifically .
How utterly wrong can so many people be .
It is time to overturn the stereotypes .
Her husband is in a critical condition .
No wonder he did not look too concerned .
The cause of the damage is not yet known .
His prison mail address is also posted .
And we are now poised to do exactly that .
Harms seem moderate for each age group .
No one but us fell to the floor in a swoon .
People are so hard to please these days .
Crime continues to fall in the capital .
No one still knows what the reality was .
For some it might be their only armoury .
Society here is deeply superstitious .
No discharge with a prescription slip .
The facts of the case are not in dispute .
Salary commensurate with experience.
His boasts became more and more absurd .
A commercial area is across the street .
Those are some of my happiest memories .
Mantel never tried to trace her father .
He went on to win a second term in office .
I had never experienced what people do .
Wilson is alive with winged creatures .
Reynolds said the bond would be posted .
Not necessarily for better royalties .
So begins a story of a family on the edge .
But the pace of job losses is subsiding .
He said he could relate to those issues .
In a small village it does not take much .
Merck has since dropped that campaign .
The first step is to turn off your flash .
India relies heavily on thermal power .
But most of the teachers were just fine .
Canada was a very different place then .
You have a chance if they do it like that .
He was at the service of the revolution .
Hell hath no fury like an actor scorned .
It followed searches of a car and house .
Adjust the seasoning and consistency .
You will soon hear good news from there .
R has lived with his mother all his life .
Democrats crowed about their victory .
I was a fly buzzing outside your window .
But he admitted to living a double life .
If that floats your boat so that is fine .
I suffer from having just the opposite .
He will unveil his proposals next week .
European collectors were out in force .
You be pretty but not that interesting .
Qatari women dress head to toe in black .
I have been offered several solutions .
She clearly had good taste in kitchens .
Initially it was fear of unemployment .
His season has been marred by injuries .
Subsidies for poor people are popular .
Ilove football and football stadiums .
It will began to rise again when it does .
Other information can also be deduced .
It just builds up with a longer pregame .
Now she is making the most of her talent .
On the canvas is a single shaft of light .
I also agree with the first two coments .
But the former linebacker talked to me .
The driver was texting his girlfriend .
And there is at least an echo of that now .
Here are tips to help land a holiday job .
The program has been growing each year.
Door frames lean at improbable angles .
Hernandez made his first career start .
But tension is not far from the surface .
Not everyone agrees with the decision .
Commercial real estate slumps hard in .
But the important thing is efficiency .
The tailoring was true to this concept .
May he find peace and happiness and joy .
Debris was found about two blocks away .
I have to be better at recognizing them .
A little hyperbole is understandable .
And finding workers is a major problem .
But this needs careful consideration .
One even commanded troops into battle .
He stomped on her because he enjoyed it .
He was sentenced to a year of probation .
That is a bad reading of the federal law .
We always knew her old age would be hell .
Many states are facing similar issues .
Final results are due later this month .
But the suppression cannot be forever .
That anyone believed it is what gets me .
Roche eventually left the priesthood .
A programme aimed at saving the regime .
Three of her children have been jailed .
His wife calls him home with an air horn .
One passenger suffered a minor injury .
Then there are concerns about privacy .
I felt nauseated by their viciousness .
The scale of the problem is not in doubt .
His spokeswoman defended his actions .
They also must waive their right to sue .
Gibbs got busted on this on a fact check .
I have the circadian rhythm of a farmer .
And some of the bluster is just bluster .
The mortgage meltdown is far from over .
It was the consequence of our soft play .
Captured poachers display hippo meat .
He said the only damage was to farmland .
And no doubt his upbringing was urbane.
One appeared to be a baby or young child .
The bill contain two major provisions .
Exact spending would be decided later .
One liberal group was quick to comment .
Garcon said there are too many to count .
Then they asked me to put him on his back .
This album is just an extension of that .
But the road ahead is closed to closure .
Happy to stay firmly in the background .
A good start on home court would be good .
A punt is always better than a turnover .
Allow me to let you in on a little secret.
The setting itself was doubly fitting .
She says meat is a key part of a good diet .
But those hopes were fizzling quickly .
Now police are developing a new weapon .
He was arrested hours after the attack .
Racing was called off just before noon .
Medcine will have to be the route for me .
He had reportedly been sober for years .
My mum had a thriving grocery business .
All three could still be charged later .
It appears she opens her eyes for money .
I want to tell my mom that we got engaged .
Moline has had to work on his nasty side .
I remember goofy times and scary times .
Black locust trees frame the entrance .
Nobody tries to peel them off the walls .
She was liberated by two realisations .
But the legislation died in committee .
I am alive and that is what is important .
I trust my players to perform properly .
And that was the end of the rainy season .
But you might be overstating his value .
I thought about that statement all day .
Charges are pending at the state level .
This was a generic comment made in jest.
My own avatar will be there to greet you .
Now that one should really be a blowout .
Abundant luxury has a way of doing that .
Not all the criticisms are histrionic .
The book actually served two purposes .
Repeat with second half of babka dough .
You must have a terrible personal life .
These challenges are based in reality .
The other teams are too strong for this .
Reason is a good antidote to credulity .
He spoke to a recently unemployed chef .
Investors hold reason to be skeptical .
The results proved the skeptics wrong .
Abstract fury just looks incontinent .
Thank you for that prescient analysis .
Possibly in a combination of the three .
But merely dismissing it is not enough .
Penske said it was a very traumatic day .
Rise up on your toes instead of jumping .
But it was roundly trounced by critics .
She works as a manager at a retail store .
It was a dream that was destroyed for me .
The message was one of deep irritation .
Walmart has rolled back its rollbacks .
Police have cordoned off the building .
Police are trying to clear the hallway .
They really need to change this though .
The shouter later explained his cause .
They have not yet ruled out human error .
Five men were killed and four survived .
He is not helped by the company he keeps .
You took a large pay cut to take this job .
Nixon had almost everything recorded .
Teachers noticed something was wrong .
I have heard about your career dilemma .
Garcia never needed a victory so badly .
As categories they are also explosive .
A man speaks on the phone in a file photo .
Add the orange juice and dates and stir .
And then there are the years after that .
He responded that it was holy and clean .
Crowds of curious men stopped to stare .
He fashioned his first when still a boy .
Four relievers completed the victory .
Only future accrual would be affected .
It is a really cool thought experiment .
There are also doses of a sexual nature .
But timing ultimately does not matter .
The labels will finally get their wish .
Thats why interest rates were lowered .
Both of us have passionate supporters .
But that may follow a lengthy pretence .
I suppose that it is why he was targeted .
A vote is expected in the coming months .
A crucial step has been achieved today .
Islam is recognised as state religion .
Some places will be fine without dikes .
He took a job selling pharmaceuticals .
Maybe you get a little hoarse and tired .
The previous threshold was five years .
It was widespread financial distress .
Then there is the thorny issue of trade .
These could be warning signs of cancer .
Take the case of chores and allowances .
None of them would have it any other way .
The evening even had a note of suspense .
Johnson declined to talk to reporters .
But not everyone is opposed to the idea .
I probably went to four different ones .
His imagination has not rioted enough .
Trees were uprooted or snapped in half .
These were another bone of contention .
But much of the hard work remains ahead .
Your freeloading days are about to end .
Give us what we need and let us do our job .
We cannot afford the lives or the money .
Police officers would not be affected .
I have nothing to show for my excursion .
He was before the court for sentencing .
No casualties were immediately known .
Warner may not adopt the same approach .
These collapses are real and worrying .
Bigger storm and tsunami are on the way .
Private life remains remarkably free .
I am paying for a set speed per the price .
That would be a breach of impartiality .
The crazy conduct is not there anymore .
All the money he earned had melted away .
And never campaign at sporting events .
Adenhart died in surgery at a hospital .
So they learn by themself in clubs or so .
Watch tango experts strut their stuff .
Otherwise shut up if you are not afraid .
But they said they were not protesting .
He is fighting someone who has seen him .
They can be quite dangerous sometimes .
Our city is turning into a monoculture .
Below is a transcript of the interview .
There is room for government to do more .
The protesters also demanded amnesty .
And how we have come to see an entire era .
Salinger might have looked to the past .
He met his future wife four years later .
Rates are also increasing in children .
A good quality one is less than a tenner .
There are new migrations taking place .
Lawson looked tentative and banged up .
The four children were in the back seat .
They are fostering our recovery today .
And he also wants to help the community .
The actor says the reports were untrue .
He said it just wrecked the dish for him .
Each side believes it has an upper hand .
Few could have done it better this year .
My mind works faster than my mouth does .
Unite has not responded to the letters .
Tax experts generally hailed the plan .
I am going to let someone else have mine .
So for them to come in is a massive boost .
The art department fidgets nervously .
He also said he sees no reason to change .
Dozens more were later found innocent .
No act is permitted to escape scrutiny .
I will do lexicography in my spare time .
I just hope the show gets more exciting .
Big clubs have lost big players before .
He also finished with eight turnovers .
I need to know when to leave the country .
They are trying to identify jihadists .
Cashing in is certainly a possibility .
And the icons on his screen are limited .
Unions want it to stay open to save jobs .
Her draw is a minefield if she goes deep .
The pilot could have choked on a peanut .
Petroliana does not have to be genuine .
Some may be attracted to the latest fad .
Paterson has always been incompetent .
Illegal miners are also usually armed .
Some people were bracing for the worst .
U billingual frozenbutts r funny guys .
Other prominent historians disagree .
And when they do it will be civil at best .
A sterilization program was underway .
India put them up on some kinds of steel .
A high proportion of them are children .
The belt also works with booster seats .
If you want to know how fair a society is .
The scattered farms look comfortable .
Some trains were torched along the way .
Its prevailing moral universe is grey .
It is not a network lacking in boldness .
She died of a blood clot a few days later .
I want to come back and finish on the top .
Today he has every reason to celebrate .
Everyone will be wearing this already .
Polar species are especially hard hit .
Companies are still laying people off .
People say they believe in their ideas .
And he should still have a private life .
But the name has lasted all these years .
I just plunged ahead with my questions .
I just thought he was a user from day one .
They respect us and they reckon with us .
He has no intention of leaving his land .
But we know one thing about technology .
I was brought up to be more now than then .
An absolute blast to watch in the field.
He was arrested on corruption charges .
I record every word in perfect quality .
Perhaps the power plant was excessive .
So tell your niece what you just told me .
The rest area is visible from the plant .
Optimism and ingenuity will find a way .
Recruiting players is not a challenge .
European reaction was a bit more tepid .
Stingray city is an unbelievable site .
Passengers were put up in a local hotel .
Eugene is just a quick drive to all of it .
I applaud this article and its authors .
So this is more than an economic crisis .
This kind of reporting is uncalled for .
And the box office returns were strong .
Palladin is not the only gene involved .
Chapman knows something else has gone .
Our health care is the best in the world .
But a cheaper option was also possible .
And some move more quickly than others .
The discrepancy could not be resolved .
I go to the shop and buy a new television .
I could practically taste the lasagne .
The video clip is not for the squeamish .
There is no independent confirmation .
They probably think of them as chronic .
Only the suggested remedy has changed .
The appeal of virtual animals is clear .
Those two things need to work together .
The goal supercharged him into action .
Georgia is paying a high price for this .
And things are not set to get any better .
We were the youngest team in the nation .
Voters in all four states seem to agree .
Analysis of the final as a match is easy .
The third election is underway by mail .
Halifax reveals its figures next week .
It is much more flighty and fast moving .
It also has to do with social behaviour .
Pretty well any manager would say that .
The shooters swung the gun around once .
No date was set for her next appearance .
The crowd was as diverse as it was thick .
There will also be a display of her work .
The inmates face internal discipline .
Large pinch crushed red pepper flakes .
More love and peace from the islamists .
A decade of decadence and devastation .
Johnson later denied that was the case .
We are seeing a human rights emergency .
The team said it will not offer refunds .
It took a long time to pay off those rugs .
At each stop he offered mostly himself .
Roll that figure around on your tongue .
These are real projects to help people .
But then the rates kept being adjusted .
In both cases the sequence was the same .
One man was bleeding from hemorrhoids .
This is going to be quite entertaining .
Their stories may offer hope to others .
That would have a demonstrable impact .
So they had to do more number crunching .
The device has no slot for a memory card .
A white pall was placed over the coffin .
Prisoners reported them to the guards .
No jet can fly stably with an open hatch .
He said at least one person was injured .
I have a pension scheme and everything .
If you can go green in any way at all do it.
I think that is power way out of balance .
They said the review could take months .
Her parents went to see the headmaster .
It had urged a delay in passing the bill .
Perhaps this trip was work in progress .
Life is a series of hellos and goodbyes .
It should never be about me as chairman .
And he had a big gaping wound on his head .
The blue elephant rhino is fame itself .
He and his staff and better off out of it .
Then she saw what the boy was looking at .
They probably planned the whole thing .
The vehicle had a child seat in the back .
Fewer flights have meant fewer delays .
Legs start straight out in front of you .
The sea is much richer than fresh water .
But the statement was hardly good news .
He seems determined to stay on his beat .
Distance can sharpen the imagination .
That is the thing that made me freak out .
The families are always another story .
Many developers plan to go beyond that .
Tivo is doing fine just being on its own .
There have been pitfalls along the way .
A new general election is due tomorrow .
Figuring things out and being patient .
The list of specials changes each week .
This article is wrong on so many levels .
There is much important work to be done .
Lenders do not seem to be good learners .
There are no winners in the war on words .
For that it surely deserves a spanking .
There are more radical reforms as well .
The whole bill is such a failed concept .
Other countries are watching closely .
So the matter was taken to the stewards .
The woman was later fired from the jail .
He hurt himself by walking six batters .
She said the process could take months .
Feeding the world is a growth business .
There is no shortage of people however .
It might be hard but i hope they deliver .
Americans have short hockey memories .
The central idea is relatively simple .
It helps if the latter command respect .
How stupid to talk about this and on new .
The government denies the allegation .
Or pretty much any large organization .
Your incisive articles will be missed .
His injuries were reported to be minor .
The succession has been hotly debated .
Sapp is not one to back down from anyone .
There are several possible solutions .
His prices at auction are nonexistent .
Or just a distraction from health care .
It also claims it will help publishers .
Tiger is more asian than black or white .
Democracy is in the eye of the beholder .
A unique design to update any wardrobe .
Here are a few of the stories you missed .
It is not a decision ever taken lightly.
But the first week has been phenomenal .
The debate now is how it can be paid back .
We cannot afford further uncertainty .
I am pretty succinct and pretty timely .
We have found that phrase to be helpful .
His ego is much too large to give that up .
Work is scheduled to begin next autumn .
Social harmony requires such efforts .
Trapattoni will not have been pleased .
Its feminism is palpable but unspoken .
Real burst into life after half an hour .
Rehman gave no reason for her decision .
The album went platinum within months .
But something is odd about these drugs .
But we also know how to parse a sentence .
A big part of my youth is now gone as well .
That system is now being sorely tested .
He was convicted in five of the murders .
Maher said the deal had been completed .
Casting was an even lengthier process .
The idea is not universally supported .
The musical style of each group varies .
He has offered no discernible defence .
Part of the session was held in private .
The firm will have lots of competition .
The penalty could include disbarment .
The reasons for the decline seem clear .
Thanks to all bloggers and commenters .
Running it costs about a penny per mile .
Favourable conditions were forecast .
Instead support its defeat and demise .
Country music blared from the jukebox .
They could even go up a little this year .
Education funding was reduced as well .
She often hears gunfire near her house .
His girlfriend pled guilty to assault .
She is the hottest man on the red carpet .
Fools will flock to the foolheartedly .
But then we realised there was no way on .
Music has been like a painkiller for me .
She also had frostbite in her left foot .
Minnesota has dropped four out of five .
But the visit is not all about politics .
They came back into it but we kept going .
Station managers declined to comment .
His party though has remained defiant .
It is important to remember two things .
I like to circle the top on a rental bike .
More cars are driven by the overweight .
Someone dragged away the camper shell .
Sure would suck if he had to go to prison .
Obama is just here to finish the burial .
How could anyone resist the arguments .
It is easy to be a member of our book club .
I will not look at her the same way again .
It has instead offering wide autonomy .
He said one naval personnel was killed .
And the death toll is expected to climb .
George still has room for improvement .
Most publishers are trying to go green .
She said a great alternative is a scoop .
The aftershocks have been relentless .
A lot of tall boots are too narrow for me .
You half expect them to break into song .
The symptoms can be very debilitating .
Both teams were without star forwards .
Jett remains the runaway that got away .
They are taking the chance to kick back .
Tailoring was at the heart of the shows .
Emotions themselves reduce our logic .
There is at least one puzzling feature .
Property owner installs gate to block .
We would return and would recommend it .
I keep trying to find things to cling to .
Jagr lay on the ice for several minutes .
The convicts can appeal the sentences .
This defeat included a confusing call .
I used to think the same way that she did .
They gagged my mouth and pinned me down .
One person is walking on the sidetrack .
Cashmore also has agreed to a plea deal .
I think there are lessons to be learned .
Good leadership has also played a role .
Great horned owls are a very large bird .
Justice is sorely lacking in the south .
No one has yet surpassed that standard .
Dump a box of brown sugar into a big bowl .
So this is no time for business as usual .
That debate was one of the most watched .
Throughout the day more boats arrived .
And many run specials this time of year .
The reason for the abductions is money .
Both boards approved the acquisition .
A letter from your doctor will suffice .
They found clear patterns in the water .
Only six wells have been drilled there .
The writer is a clinical psychologist .
He talks about as fast as his team plays .
Then the road kicks upwards viciously .
It was the city of lost skills out there .
Model train displays also are planned .
Because they want to maximize profits .
Just one in five will be going overseas .
Locals say the whole village is pining .
Rest becomes as important as practice .
I wonder if he gave any of the kids drugs .
Her first asylum request was rejected .
Ice was then poured in up to their necks .
She was not hurt but has been left upset .
A test for the gene is widely available .
The lure of free publicity is enormous .
But he will still do so in a raised voice .
But those parties have fizzled as well .
Germans struggle to create companies .
There remains concern over labelling .
Iran denies it is seeking to make bombs .
At this point you may toast the brioche .
It must be you said so in your post above .
Air guitar symbolises this democracy .
She says that colour enhances her work .
But an unusually sweaty summer awaits .
That assumption turned out to be wrong .
Someone has to surrender in the sex war .
The drawings are totally appropriate .
Management team continues to impress .
Consider your local minor league team .
Clark also carries five bats in his bag .
Scumbags know no one political stripe .
The memories have obviously lingered .
Twitter later was blocked nationwide .
But that still leaves several howlers .
Seeing this film means major progress .
For these are not just any schoolgirls .
The wheat fields go as far as you can see .
I had lost my ability to think of others .
Benjamin is a veteran event disrupter .
The queries were considered informal .
We are providing consular assistance .
Today is the anniversary of her murder .
People know that and vote accordingly .
Mexico has a rich syncretic tradition .
Religion and science are often at odds .
Evidence not hearsay is what convicts .
So first season is about displacement .
And being a woman has never held me back .
I call it cutting jobs and livelihoods .
He won the tournament by three strokes .
Federal police guards were redoubled .
He has had three years added to his term .
This is why you are so good at what you do .
Both men are expected to fully recover .
He then sued gun dealers in five states .
Above all to be seen in full screen mode .
The same goes for government spending .
How do you register without an address .
The only difference was the scoreline .
They see the angst of their professors .
He would be probably be found in a month .
Libs would hide in the basement crying .
Harvard took over and ran out the clock .
The condiments are not the only reason .
You can not change the rules for either .
Nor do you rush back to see another game .
Jewelry also can pose a choking hazard .
Gold and oil prices both fell slightly .
Nobody else in this city has any vision .
Residents remained concerned though .
The friend later admitted it was a hoax .
He thanks me for coming up with the idea .
I felt it was the best way going forward .
She had never stopped believing in him .
Vonn is the reigning overall champion .
Both sides will be glad if it is his last .
Reunions tell the story of the decline .
Boyle could not be reached for comment .
He said he had learned from his mistake .
A hearing is scheduled for this summer .
Nordenberg also was heavily involved .
The haven currencies dropped sharply .
Similar aircraft are being inspected .
He wears white pants smudged with soot .
It could also work the other way around .
Just lock them away and let them mature .
Common sense was not a factor this week .
It did not provide any further details .
It was the latter sign that was missing .
The girl had been strangled and beaten .
Of course its not about small business .
Other analysts were equally cautious .
No governor since has been overridden .
Then it was followed by a big commotion .
But the fish tend to behave themselves .
Michael has a fantastic pop star voice .
That is the reason they have gone there .
In both cases she wore a red sweat shirt .
With many different flowers one hopes .
We are excited about where we are going .
But his work here is that of a lead actor .
And these solutions are sorely needed .
I thought that was what parents are for .
I faced him and he was just a pure hitter .
Police want to hear from them urgently .
Try something new this holiday season .
Sometimes materialism quells sorrow .
He could be seen gesturing on the bench .
There will be no large public ceremony .
But its biggest shareholders sure did .
Stick a fork in the hedge fund populist .
Obama is out of touch with his own party .
He did insist he wants to be monogamous .
Perhaps there is even shame and regret .
He allowed his friend to stay the night .
Wes has such a drive to get things right .
But even that freedom has now been lost .
Really looking forward to trying this.
That gives a false sense of legitimacy .
This is what passes for discourse here .
Obviously the target market thinks so .
The series is currently in production .
Remove the lid and turn the heat to high .
Everyone was rescued from that flight .
Few believe this activity is harmless .
She really knows how to piss people off .
Curiously they have failed to say this .
He says there are many ways to go faster .
One suspected something would happen .
Boris has his family and his other life .
Your father should not have lied to you .
Few of the newcomers keep a kosher home .
I asked her if she had had to be a fighter .
Other attendees were more flattering .
You have no basis for such projections .
This is a basic principle of democracy .
The ball bounced just wide of the plate .
That translates to faster weight loss .
The crime stats were breaking records .
There are even some corporate entries .
His teaching methods were unorthodox .
They took turns peering out the window .
The process is likely to be very costly .
All of this may seem counterintuitive .
At least some dead wood has been felled .
It is something we want to keep on top of .
Most applications are now provided in .
The natural starting point was my file .
Several owners are refusing to comply .
Everybody has to believe in something .
Facebook was a smart way to educate her .
There is no mystery behind the decline .
The police had their frustrations too .
Should overwinter in a sheltered spot .
Hobbs could not be reached for comment .
I saw a lot of people killed and injured .
But officials doubt this explanation .
We all have to forgive other each other .
He then turned to his family and winked .
The banks supply an excellent product .
There are income limitations for both .
Trouble is also to be found in the title .
You see deception at its highest level .
They threw the most touchdowns passes .
And sports are not just sports anymore .
Nato has already changed its approach .
A year later the personnel has changed .
Prince gave up his throne this weekend .
It can also be seen in commodity prices .
Your abs are arguing with your triceps .
They will point out a great many things .
But those paths do not exist over water .
The telltale smell hit us as we entered .
Hamas is seeking to delay the election .
Major emphasis is placed on the latter .
Aftershocks continued to hit the area .
I knew there was a lot riding on the game .
That country appears to be on the brink .
We shave or cut our kids hair ourselves .
Neither injury is considered serious .
I think this is a deadly serious issues .
Thousands packed evacuation centers .
But she warns against eyebrow removal .
He had urged him to contest the charges .
Wednesday night was sheer perfection .
It was not clear how much they had to pay .
Only a few showers were in the forecast .
Clinton said that was just her opinion .
But this investigation is continuing .
Bloggers of all types are sounding off .
The voters will determine the outcome .
The southbound lanes remained opened .
The dreaded word despair comes to mind .
Which brings me to another difference .
This is the problem that officers have .
Bring binoculars and a telephoto lens .
The others had gone to give assistance .
It has been a complete chaos and vacuum .
She wanted to keep their family intact .
But her victory is not that surprising .
Minaya recounted their conversation .
Diplomats say many more probably died .
Police said she had now been taken home .
Chicago scored three runs in the third .
They are supporting wild selfishness .
This is what they pledge for the future .
I half expected it to be trick question .
Keep your case to less than two minutes .
Haiti made a different kind of bargain .
They have now closed traffic both ways .
And then there are the tourist outings .
This is really getting out of hand fast .
No bailouts for stupidity or cupidity .
No pair has done the job more than twice .
Combine innovation and practicality .
Struggling parents could ask for help .
I agree wholeheartedly with this post .
They were almost constantly in motion .
Mix the yolk with the water and add that .
This is probably going to work out fine .
But change is coming to this island too .
It is just the way of life on the fringes .
Others have no more stomach for a fight .
Attendance at mass meetings dwindled .
I found it to so offensive and outdated .
Offer to pay them whatever is leftover .
None of the lorry drivers were injured .
It still takes them five plays to score.
A lot of older dancers go into teaching .
Driver profits might also be affected .
Friends said he did not know how to swim .
Biofuels are set to play a growing role .
Some aid payments have been suspended .
You most definitely do not speak for me .
Managers are at least ahead of the game .
It would go nicely with the rabbit ears .
But she never filed a formal complaint .
This time he hopes it will be different .
That was one of my best times doing that .
Add the lentils and stir for one minute .
United will be at home in the second leg .
It takes him about two hours to perform .
I doubt there will be any real dialogue .
Schools and parents working together .
Things did not turn out quite like that .
Peer pressure has played a big part too .
A row of luxury cars was parked outside .
It is not known how the twins are joined .
That is definitely a matter of opinion .
There were three main reasons for this .
There are no complaints from clubbers .
Roubini calling for a big fiscal boost .
He gave up one earned run in six innings .
He had walked in as a functioning adult .
Their authorities will claim they can .
Labour should have enjoyed a field day .
The only surprise was the celebration .
One shot at the end had him celebrating .
But that is where the similarities end .
There was a wee bit of jealousy then too .
Fidel needs to start complaining soon .
It is affordable and has a mild climate .
How they affect crime is open to debate .
But investors do not like uncertainty .
The system is often corrupt and unjust .
It seems it was all a misunderstanding .
Other major roads were to reopen later .
The state has four charter schools now .
Two years later and still going strong .
They will return at the end of the month .
But back to the present first minister .
The most important reason is overhang .
I might actually develop a skill or two .
I wrenched my body in an attempt to turn .
Yet this is where the similarities end .
There was a kind of simplicity about it .
There is nothing wrong with being poor .
I saw the show twice during previews an .
They fired back with rounds of tear gas .
We have no plans to change our position .
There is no age restriction for savers .
We will make a decision when we are sure .
But there were other surviving copies .
Other states could face a tougher time .
The first one was more of a finesse line .
Perhaps he will sleep better in prison .
The person who died was not identified .
Warehousing poor people does not work .
The nature of threat has since changed .
There is no headstone to mark her grave .
Senators need not be on the floor at all .
Swords to plowshares in a micro manner .
Nothing happens unless first we dream .
We already settled that in the primary .
Small businesses and multinationals .
We play for opposing teams all day long .
Edward will always be their first love .
There have also been reports of deaths .
Croft joins very illustrious company .
Klonopin to control anger and anxiety .
One of the lively fan based forum in net .
Water reportedly entered three homes .
Not everyone around him agrees though .
So it reinforces the sectarian divide .
Hudec is also charged with tax evasion .
The other sale is the rental apartment .
Please put the blame where it should go .
Operating expenses are on own vessels .
It is like burning pound notes in a gale .
He was dismissed for gross misconduct .
It almost guarantees disappointment .
But the number of attacks is still high .
At least this one had three touchdowns .
They only number a few hundred members .
The hospital has vowed to investigate .
Fourteen percent describe it as mixed .
There have been hard won changes since .
This has driven up the costs of imports .
He also translated some western plays .
Critics said it smacked of xenophobia .
The vulva seems to have a mind of its own .
We explain who they are and what they do .
I said to them that this will not happen .
The man told police to call his captain .
Something is going to have to give here .
He suggested the ban should be renewed .
I actually agree with the troll in part .
The monkey was given an identical ball .
He offered anger management training .
This marching band geek begs to differ .
He committed suicide before the trial .
These apartments may need a lot of work .
We had operations all around the world .
We are not nearing the end of the oil age .
The following week we wrote the bridge .
He had embarked on his longest journey .
So a little cocktail party was planned .
He stood precariously on a countertop .
We hear his thoughts on the soundtrack .
The pickup truck bumped above the hill .
Some of them talk about relationships .
So much for the insurance credibility .
The dinosaur market is in the doldrums .
Most of my paternal family are lawyers .
Sixteen people emerged from the crowd .
Illness has deprived him of half a lung .
Technicians began adapting software .
I would love to play in the group stages .
You should be careful what you wish for .
Their future appears to depend upon it .
I use regular vinegar in a spray bottle .
After all their programs are no better .
But my favourite is in a class of his own .
Others are openly happy to see him gone .
All them have to be reconciled into one .
They entered their pleas by video link .
It has naughty words and topless women .
Chinese troops controlled the square .
Those who lose may remain temporarily .
They kept their flashlights in my face .
The script has been retooled slightly .
The winner has to buy beer for the loser .
Every catcher is also a pitching coach .
Autopsy results are not yet available .
He claims that he is now being pestered .
That means they are weak and desperate .
Another night was soup and sandwiches .
They are bound to get confused at times .
I was surprised that just kind of ended .
There are infinitely many options now .
No decisions on charges have been made .
The autumn colours just make it better .
There she reflected on the entire trip .
I would have jumped at the opportunity .
Parliament ousted the prime minister .
The problem was that it was now raining .
Its called a cyanide arsenic cocktail .
Inside is a mix of work tables and desks .
It was supposed to be a far better place .
He did his work and not say much to media .
This view is based on flawed reasoning .
The market usually is forward looking.
But two concerns should rein them back .
We will pay the price for that lateness .
Knicks fans should be happy about that .
His header is powerful but inaccurate .
But to the audience something is wrong .
It is the root to success in the country .
Most banks have ratios lower than that .
A different brand may taste less fishy .
But perhaps it could be done in private .
But there must be a better way than this.
He acknowledged how big the problem is .
Nogueira has been remanded in custody .
But the drumbeat of bad news rattled on .
Some will remain open to sell used cars .
And finally the audience is a quiet one .
A real victory for the working classes .
That could lead to a pullback in prices .
You guys are right to not take that crap .
They are listed on the screen behind me.
The congress is held every three years .
Every death is an unspeakable tragedy .
And there are other costs on top of that .
But you can have too much of a good thing .
For full list of trademarks click here .
Clinton needs to face it that it is over .
We let the below do the talking instead .
Their injuries did not appear serious .
But this was at the height of apartheid .
The jurors deliberated less than a day .
What happened next shocked the family .
Carrots are looking greener every day .
Yet they are lumped with everyone else .
One defendant choked a police officer .
You already know what this sounds like .
Even gas station owners are not immune .
International shoppers are spending .
The carts charge themselves as they go .
If we torture we are no better than them .
The combination is powerfully erotic .
It was nearly impossible to keep still .
I do not support the ordination of gays .
Cash generation continues to improve .
The pair started dating late last year .
It was crowded the night of the bombing .
But this never turned into great drama .
It turns out we were kidding ourselves .
Beasley is a forward and a great talent .
I want to cement these images in my mind .
I think we played well in the first half .
Paterson has so far refused to drop out .
That means no open fires indoors or out .
A final decision is expected next year .
She went on to have fertility problems .
The question had to do with preemption .
Fiscal tightening could be postponed .
I keep wondering the same thing myself .
The dinner turned out to be delightful .
Crime rates remain near historic lows .
Speak softly and carry a big wad of cash .
A lot of it comes down to who you believe .
That told me a lot about her and her mind .
People need to have some sense of scale .
It happened three times in succession .
He has two sons from his first marriage .
She says she intends to go to all of them .
Might as well put it on the mantelpiece .
Two more were dropped during the trial .
Your score will recover in short order .
Not getting caught out becomes the aim .
He has not declared his business links .
They functioned as protective charms .
I do not see this as something to regret .
The floors are streaked and scratched .
Both of us know we need to find partners .
There are dips and turns in the formula .
I always take my mobile into the toilet .
Others are worried that they soon will .
That is just as well as leverage cannot .
Caption competitions are nothing new .
So he said he lied to the army recruiter .
That gains are fragile and reversible .
Service was back to normal by this week .
The victim did not appear to fight back .
And to get a drizzle of promotion on top .
Ten graduates will be chosen each year .
I like to get people moving and jumping .
Jet fuel prices also fluctuate widely .
Now it must make a success of its second .
I am exhausted outlining the sequence .
Officers struggled to pull fans clear .
Now even the optimists sound downbeat .
And here comes another new wave legend .
I never thought that would be possible .
A scrum of taxis waiting by the bus stop .
Most primaries have a good reputation .
It is not in the business of being loved .
Both sides made use of this perception .
Thirty people were killed in the crash .
But time is catching up with the series .
They have been working under pressure .
But there are three golden principles .
Spread the saltine crumbs on wax paper .
The administration said no such thing .
This column is race bating at its worst .
Forget about their platinum pedigree .
I want cold roast topside of beef salad .
Regulation is no longer a term of abuse .
That moment led to a shift in supremacy .
Yet the opposition remains fractured .
It would show an utter failure of nerve .
I was never given any help by my parents .
He needs a mental health professional .
His sons said they also wanted answers .
No one assumes that it speaks any truth .
Always stand up for what you believe in .
Terms of their deals were not released .
And his calculations were meticulous .
He converted it with a forehand winner .
Pakistan has rejected the allegation .
They all favor undoing unilateralism .
It is surly and reactionary even today .
People have been going into the street .
I can only shake my head in resignation .
A sweet victory that by all will be seen .
Some delicacies could not be salvaged .
Syria denied having any such facility .
He said he did not intend to kill anyone .
Or they buy online and collect in store .
The council then vetoed that proposal .
The aspirants are software engineers .
Premium gas is so expensive these days .
Cheating with steroids ruins all that .
Simon is the only real judge on the show .
No other car was thought to be involved .
He asked that his last name be withheld .
I thought it was lackluster and boring .
There are several ways of viewing this .
His was the only injury reported so far .
But few expect radical changes for now .
I feel like that invades their privacy .
Interviews become their own narcotic .
We should be pulling all our troops out .
The drama is heightened by its mystery .
Yet she never saw the finished article .
Then the world of events started again .
They are almost like cushions in a room .
This has increased demand for renting .
His behavior is sometimes compulsive .
Institutions conceal debt and dry rot .
We just have to see if that comes to pass .
Nothing would convince her otherwise .
Christopher you have a good point here .
Obama wants to increase their numbers .
Not a particularly inspiring thought .
Within three months they were married .
She has no plans to retire anytime soon .
It turns out they had cheated after all .
Some celebrity deals never panned out .
My mother always used canned tomatoes .
Egyptian border guards took no action .
The baby was found alive two days later .
Some of the hybrids are very congested .
But there are still many hurdles ahead .
Inflation may not be around the corner .
They were here before the fire brigade .
She is a dazzling political performer .
Almost every driver has a story to tell .
It was one of a limited number produced .
I just became homeless in this country .
Declarer does not have a loser to pitch .
An important step in a right direction .
The company has long dropped that plan .
So the state will probably go bankrupt .
He has also served as a prison governor .
Several policemen were among the dead .
So work those patterns and nude shades .
It has mountains for skiing and hiking .
It isnt worth the dirt it sits on anyway .
Everyone has to be civil to one another .
He was the only one to return home alive .
Shoreline properties bring a premium .
He declined to name the establishment .
Their sentencing date has not been set .
Just wipe it out from your future plans .
I shut my eyes and hoped it would vanish .
They took his video editing equipment .
Yet austerity is the last thing we need .
That is if anything is left of the voice .
My reason for trying this site is hopef .
And then he would come out and try again .
Suddenly their season was in jeopardy .
Neurontin does work in the human brain .
Zino said he gets to watch tourists now .
Joel sat on top of piano and sang backup .
A picture of her uncle hangs on the wall .
This statement is very irresponsible .
The full version is at least a year away .
Put the monkey back on their shoulders .
This is not a war being fought by old men .
They said several people were wounded .
Hodges zeroed in on their jagged edges .
She was startled by what happened next .
The classic games tend to sell the best .
The man made no further transmissions .
They will record the whole conference .
It offers reasonable onboard utility .
There is no room for bullying at school .
Both of the drivers of the two vehicles .
Ah ahm sure he has a most discerning eye .
Genes determine the fate of our brains .
Undergraduate courses may come later .
His own story is also one worth telling .
Even now most students are subsidised .
The record did not say how old they were .
It does not stop anyone getting to work .
Strands of cloud hang in the emptiness .
But those arguments are without merit .
But even on that front there are issues .
Maybe things will be better down south .
Your inner accountant loves a bargain .
We must perform better this time round .
The court case came three months later .
Freedom for the pike is death to minnow .
Some of us shouted it from the rooftops .
She loves working near bodies of water .
It is the smell that signposts the dead .
Federer said it was taken by his father .
The timing of the new report is perfect .
His playing time had decreased lately .
No wonder wearers sport a haunted look .
It sounded scripted yet sounded right .
Others may learn from your experience .
I also wanted to set up a centre of my own .
It had no taste therfore it was not food.
Give it a gentle stir and call it a night .
One patient was in critical condition .
I just hope it can help someone else now .
He came in and began snapping pictures .
He did not reveal her name in his speech .
Maryland has the opposite reputation .
Hunting has nothing to do with control .
He has been troubled by injury himself .
This is how great football coaches are .
Germany is in a trap of its own devising .
Yet the challenge is somewhat greater .
This makes me the lost soul of footwear .
And that was a considerable challenge .
The pair forged a lifelong friendship .
The killer course became a cow pasture .
But it does offer certain protections .
We are not going to determine anything .
Many militants relocated to the north .
None of the boys would give their names .
He denied intentionally touching her .
Then she put me on hold for another call .
The incident has left locals outraged .
Prices today are a far cry from the peak .
Ivanovic broke to love to win the title .
The company says no promises were made .
I would pay double that to have it again .
Both support stronger border control .
I was irritated by his three piece suit .
Rock fared better in the digital realm .
Name the famous criminal that used the .
It was a dramatic upset that signified .
He looked at her and mumbled something .
We will develop clean coal technology .
The impact can be even greater locally .
Just read those first four words again .
Demand is growing for virtual offices .
There is nothing chic or sleek about it .
You can barely find it from the highway .
People are going to need to move around .
And then go to have lunch and then sleep .
It will be his first pitch as president .
Two of the five detail sexual liaisons .
Let me repeat that for you one more time .
Biting the hand that feeds you bad idea .
Almost no one in the media seems to care .
It cannot spread from person to person .
Rape charges against him were dropped .
We must not make the same mistake again .
Whether that is true remains to be seen .
I can understand why this might be done .
The world is a better place without him .
The capital is also running low on fuel .
But the transition was poorly managed .
But this trend appears to have stalled .
These accusations are patently false .
Only his psychiatrist knows the truth .
Brazil is the new force of woman soccer .
It promised to be a voyage of discovery .
Click on the video link to find out more .
It is hoped cubs will follow soon after .
Closing arguments are expected today .
Police later recovered the documents .
That obviously set everybody talking .
I know how hard it was to get that degree .
That is no way to treat the armed forces .
He told them to mind their own business .
But there was no free labour available .
Security was tight across the capital .
What this should teach us is two things .
Stage said he agonized about what to do .
She was no longer mercilessly taunted .
Our crew was there with hidden cameras .
And now it will be your responsibility .
He does not want that debate restarted .
The election came down to the high card .
Wisconsin had called the perfect play .
He said he did not intend to take it down .
Such deals slowed in the third quarter .
That really has always been the answer .
My grandmother was an amateur painter .
She looked at the carton of milk with it .
Russia is a member of the organization .
Japanese fighter jets were scrambled .
There is no evidence this is happening .
But only certain cars qualify for them .
An arbitration tribunal is not a court .
We think these people need to chill out .
Her personal trainer also plans to run .
He took them from horrible to very good .
The author kept his donations private .
The problem is as basic as human nature .
Scared the heck out of me the first time .
The basis for these claims was unclear .
He finished the half with three points .
No one with any sense would use the word .
He has not been charged in the slayings .
There is no point recounting votes now .
He already has a fragrance and cologne .
Better start gathering your seeds too .
Too much doubt can lead to desperation .
That pretty much sums up it up very well .
The problems are unlikely to end there .
But he could be quite close to the truth .
Many other players have denied any use .
It is time for him to go on and win a major .
Celebrations are planned in the south .
Deflation has other insidious traits .
Defensives such as tobacco are weaker .
I bonded with him the second he was born .
Another disputed issue is health care .
Read your service contract carefully .
Top with oregano and a few black olives .
It is an incredibly upper class island .
Its not like the taxpayer is doing fine .
He said that the polls were misleading .
It made me think much more practically .
Which is not how things were meant to be .
He called it his biggest hit of the year .
Lassos are strung up under the veranda .
The fact is they are routinely ignored .
We no longer make our own jet airliners .
He missed only one green in regulation .
That does not mean they have my support .
Because backing up is a pain in the neck .
Salty foods exacerbated that problem .
She leaves out the caucus state voters .
Fortunately the patient was unharmed .
There were eight interruptions in all .
Another potential snag is oversupply .
A guard is killed in a piece of bungling .
Ashley may not be quite on his last legs .
But now one of them is tweaking the deal .
Hybrids are already favourably taxed .
It would be good to see it in a manifesto .
The partners will face a crowded field .
His father was an instrument mechanic .
She said there needed to be continuity .
Includes osteopathy or chiropractic .
Investigators said the gun was loaded .
This has to be the worst job in the world .
He said he did not have a new job lined up .
Mattila put a lot into her performance .
It is very difficult for the defenders .
Friends and family see it differently .
She told her only employee to stay home .
Seems like motherhood agrees with her .
These circles will take some squaring .
But the reassuring news stopped there .
Each have three bedrooms and terraces .
She announced her candidacy last week .
Very sadly this war is only about money .
They may not have counted on dominance .
There is room for one other derivative .
He could have just looked in the mirror .
Your wife may just be a typical show off .
Sleep apnea for the more frequent ones .
Your homophobia and racism disgust me .
But then it needs all the help it can get .
What a difference this autumn has made .
I would hole up here for a couple of days .
Reliability remains a concern as well .
It had lived with her for only a weekend .
I go to work every day and am never bored .
But more services means more expenses .
He is the chairman and chief executive .
But now in the wine she finds sea and sun .
The police said they were just robbers .
He also knows that it will be difficult .
From the serene to the utterly chaotic .
The cost needs to come down and quickly .
It can be pricked by ordinary activity .
This has nothing to do with confidence .
Nell had been a source of humor all week .
The more dangerous shock is financial .
That most modern music is all about sex .
Compression in the pens was immediate .
This too seems drawn from another life .
It was not clear whether anyone was hit .
Foxx has since apologised for his rant .
The event passed off without incident .
The case could last two to three months .
Convictions of an armchair communist .
The answer is to work together to get it .
He authorised irregular ordinations .
He said the couples should use condoms .
Americans were killed in both attacks .
The public has not swung back and forth .
There will be a lovely view of the stars .
This position makes diplomatic sense .
Hence some other factor must be at play .
Awards are being introduced this week .
Her performance will be the highlight .
And so he set about rebuilding the team .
It is managed entirely by small robots .
When he was seven his parents divorced .
Relaxing at this stage is not an option .
Police seized it as it had no insurance .
Only a tiny fraction was ever produced .
The couple did not leave a suicide note .
Actual enforcement may be a challenge .
That reduces hirings come the upswing .
There was blood coming out of his mouth .
Germany also held a bond auction today .
The campaigns in each state were close .
These are not intellectual exercises .
It made no reference to entertainment .
They should not have to wait any longer .
Anything interesting can be used thus .
You have to be invited by a current user .
He had suffered serious head injuries .
It did not say when the visit took place .
It was then that fate began to take over .
Now everybody wants to get into the act .
Results are expected within two weeks .
I sorry but you and many other were used .
The bills do not appropriate the money .
And there were some things he resisted .
The sort that go with belted raincoats .
My discomfort must pale in comparison .
It is a place to both admire and respect .
Their brevity made them easier to read .
All evacuation orders had been lifted .
She was just a human being like all of us .
He obviously has not slept with my wife .
You can be anywhere and still be humble .
A handful of civilians also were there .
One restaurant on the strip has closed .
His mother sat opposite me in her burka .
Giving more to her campaign is illegal .
It is important to spend time together .
Serve straight away with crusty bread .
It behoves the rest of us to ignore them .
She apparently died of natural causes .
Rail services have also been affected .
Micozzi is not a professional flutist .
I become part of this cosmic dimension .
Smorodov was no longer making a profit .
Farmers in the area have other worries .
It was due to reopen fully this morning .
Nearby buildings were also evacuated .
The injured soldiers can walk and talk .
I know just about every student by name .
But the old lady turned out to have a son .
He has pleaded not guilty to all counts .
They are there to act in the common good .
He carried her outside and went back in .
Owings had three hits and scored twice .
Hostility to the measures was growing .
He says relations are now back on track .
It is hard to separate chicken from egg .
Let see you be a real role model for once .
One respondent wrote of a worthy cause .
It was cleaned up during the operation .
Nigeria as a nation is lying prostrate.
I tried unsuccessfully not to zone out .
My wallet bulges with useless plastic .
They must have had an army of gardeners .
But there are other egos as well at play .
That request is still being processed .
This day would not seal the nomination .
The price includes a buffet breakfast .
It also knocked out power to the region .
That got rained out after just two laps .
The financial crisis is oil on the fire .
Most have attractive dividend yields .
Healthcare reform will be a job killer .
Best get them stockpiled while you can .
Crane safety is hardly a local problem .
She did not watch the opening ceremony .
Gardeners and kids have a lot in common .
But every decade has its own tragedies .
It was a match with millions of winners .
The restrictions are not retroactive .
He and his family will not have to use it .
Thanks everyone for all your comments .
I want to hear the truly inspired stuff .
It takes a punch to get messages across .
I plumped for a chair with a big cushion .
But there are limits to what they can do .
While you are resting on a winter night .
Cut greens crosswise into thin strips .
Americans are the laziest in the world .
And it will put you in the mood to listen .
Cheap currencies will not do the trick .
She turned to family members for loans .
Oxfam has just released a fresh appeal .
Bieber never made it into the building .
It was among his better received lines .
The wings were a hit and went on the menu .
Sea lions have gobbled salmon forever .
The second woman was never identified .
A couple of stars are already emerging .
But just being there was quite a thrill .
There will be dear moments to treasure .
I must confess to some experience here .
The hotel industry has noted the trend .
Lifeclass is not an emergency service .
Two of the suites will have double beds .
Prosecutors had granted him immunity .
Montage is simple and intuitive to use .
Steep wooden steps led to the entrance .
And they would have wanted to keep them .
Maliki nonetheless vowed to change it .
This is not to do with freedom of speech .
The report can be written in a sentence .
The biker continued to follow closely .
Brooks is not part of the fourth estate .
But either type can affect either area .
The police were susceptible to bribes .
Israel takes the more stringent track .
It is too premature to turn against him .
No violence was immediately reported .
Part of the reason for that is cultural .
Broader stock indicators also soared .
His pediatrician has not been helpful .
But some scepticism is surely in order .
Both are posing casually with pistols .
He also had biopsies to test for cancer .
Wishful thinking is a bad basis for law.
Their main preoccupation is survival .
Leave a comment below and have your say .
Somalia has a weak interim government .
Plant at least three to four feet apart .
Sounds like a good concert and good web .
I was a little nervous about digging in .
But others researchers were doubtful .
We chatted about life and love and loss .
We are all completely lost without him .
It has given us hope in difficult times .
Palin resigned as governor last month .
He died a short time later at a hospital .
Iris helped dispel it with enthusiasm .
Some players are dirty and we have them .
Roethlisberger owns a home near there .
Pour off all of the fat from the skillet .
You can see it on this very comment page .
His father abandoned us a long time ago .
The reactions from the teenagers vary .
You have to consider the wider picture .
What this will do is stymie the economy .
That includes rates for the family pet .
He turned and stomped back to the slots .
Such dirty tricks enfeeble democracy .
I have never read a more stupid comment .
The two rifts are not interchangeable .
His blood pressure has risen slightly .
The court will be open seven days a week .
A gain of one million had been expected .
For a demo of their work just click here .
No one had been arrested for the attack .
More advanced systems will come later .
His actions overshadowed a great game .
Her book encompasses lots of goodbyes .
The second question is a different one .
Both have been injured in recent weeks .
But child cruelty crosses the classes .
But other indicators are much clearer .
I realized that our stories are linked .
The fence will be built in two sections .
But this has so far had a limited impact .
Details are stored for up to five years .
I want to make a difference in the world .
Controlling his temper has taken time .
Residents and businesses complained .
The roots of the economic bailout plan .
Not your actual cauldron of hate as yet .
Customers were advised to remove them .
The congregation burst into applause .
Funny how winning helps in that regard .
Nothing like a visual to create impact .
The majority were sent to work the land .
Even bigger deals could be in prospect .
The aquifer is thus used as a heat store .
The matches are fascinatingly poised .
Donna said she wondered what happened .
She passed on the notion of a challenge .
It may kill both the baby and the mother .
This is the summer of the new frugality .
And hope its success can be replicated .
Clearly a stunt to generate publicity .
So we had to take weapons into our hands .
Police have since lifted the lockdown .
Her hands movements are out of control .
Be prepared for tears on the drive home .
And their children are also vanishing .
Wells is coming to familiar territory .
Scientists call it compulsive buying .
We want to stop this kind of capitalism .
That ending will not be given away here .
We say these words out loud and in print .
That highlights an important problem .
He types in a question for the surgeons .
Deference was almost entirely absent .
Details were expected later in the day .
Everyone on board died when it crashed .
The retail sale tags had been stripped .
There is no other reason for these lies .
Or being a victim of domestic violence .
They get scared and have heart attacks .
That means demand is dropping sharply .
They may have chalked the day up to them .
And the trailer really is worth a watch .
Jesse has a talent and taste for the job .
Mostly conservative southern states .
Montreal has lost six of its last seven .
The obvious corollary is to be patient .
The crew handcuffed him until landing .
The youth had no previous convictions .
They should stand or fall on the merits .
It gained a mere three points last week .
He was hospitalized the following day .
I can see how people would believe that .
Hard to know without more information .
This brings us to the present conflict .
I prefer hobnobs to cheese sandwiches .
The clean energy revolution is coming .
Am thrilled with all these new clothes .
You need to be strong to show who you are .
Two have so far been revoked as a result .
Checking your voice mail can be a chore .
This time she arrives in a white tuxedo .
Even details reflect the greener good .
He said officers were hunting for them .
Yet it gained celebrity status itself .
After the film we took a taxi home again .
So they are up and about now for the year .
Keep doing great stories like this one .
We wanted you to feel a part of the world .
Our level of confidence has increased .
Both had originally denied the attack .
As many other readers have pointed out .
Things worked in their own special way .
Uribe called the nine deaths a tragedy .
Then the toll of her exertions came due .
Easy to explain the sticks and carrots .
The cow data is already proving useful .
It has been a week for fantasy politics .
Phorm should understand these issues .
This process is known as regeneration .
Some participants were even worse off .
Click here to watch the original video .
They had been married for three months .
Discipline and athleticism combined .
Such extravagance rankled outsiders .
Both parents had sporadic employment .
And by all accounts he relishes his job .
He has spoken of his modest background .
Stimulus scams are flourishing on the .
Several of their houses were attacked .
His plea allowed him to avoid jail time .
And a few teachers belong to the church .
But there is an ambitious lack of pages .
I love the excitement and craziness of .
The estate cannot be seen from the road .
Bought it because it reads epub format .
It became so compulsive and obsessive .
Crying sometimes feels like drowning .
Then one of the girls twisted her ankle .
Find out how they react under pressure .
This is not how to conduct an interview .
Cornish retreated down the peninsula .
Hughes saw enough to become convinced .
There were eight passengers on the bus .
He saved money by not getting new shoes .
Some say the lightning catcher can win .
The burden on getting us going was on me .
Spain is no longer a cheap option for us .
Stewart denied making threats to kill .
Then he really will be king of the world .
My dad was a force of nature to be feared .
Some plans may not provide this option .
And both squads are just fine with that .
Another worry is government spending .
Two other men were injured in the crash .
That could bring politics back to life .
Sudden death is never easy to deal with .
That is picking up a lot airplay of late .
It is a title that carries little kudos .
Locke comes to accept his limitations .
It is this thing called climate change .
Fill in any indentations with spackle .
He said the problem was not widespread .
It might well have been to create a foil .
I know why jobs come and why they go away .
Not to mention a special deal on hotels .
More important things to report about .
For ten years he did nothing on non doms .
And he had absolutely no sexual desire .
The killers must be punished severely .
Not everyone is happy with the changes .
Police continue with their inquiries .
Yesterday he was removed from the role .
But he said the assessment was ongoing .
Officers are trying to confirm his age .
He looks like he took a knock on his knee .
And look at all the stuff they leave out .
Shepherd was wondering the same thing .
I have been an incredibly lucky person .
And it really is never too late to start .
Her father was worried about his looks .
Her words take a second or two to sink in .
It was his eighth win as a professional .
But this is not an unassailable choice .
They have nothing to do with each other .
Antioxidants repair cellular damage .
To help people in their everyday lives .
There are also logistical challenges .
That took eight months and it was agony .
This happens every time to renewables .
We all want our children to be geniuses .
The treetops tossed around in the wind .
She never really answers the question .
The delegates agreed to meet annually .
The agreement is to be announced today .
Then they all bow their heads in prayer .
The rest of the office vetoed that idea .
Garcon says there are too many to count .
A few residents nervously approached .
He could hear the carrier wave snap off .
But the government keeps a close watch .
Both are expected to die within months .
He also came third once and fourth once .
Summer plans might have to be modified .
Mukasey may likely still be confirmed .
This answer had the merit of being true .
They may not feel comfortable doing it .
He was also wearing jeans and trainers .
Seems no one wants to poke an angry bear .
They have no doubt about their origins .
Murder has fallen by six per cent a year .
She was later released from a hospital .
She was found not guilty at the retrial .
A bold branded tee is a style essential .
Not all guilty pleasures involve food .
My own minivan is conspicuously naked .
Seems like we are getting a patten here .
Some said that they might have to close .
This is not an issue of indvidual greed .
Maybe you should listen to the sermons .
But this is a little bit of consolation .
They are the visible cuts we are making .
To cease suffering is to cease wanting .
Suitable for beginners and improvers .
But she then rallied from last to sixth .
Adapted from a recent live discussion .
The top mechanism itself is excellent .
Worry about the actual price of the car .
And she keeps her living expenses down .
Colour is where they fall down chiefly .
Nine people were injured in the attack .
The problem would be solved overnight .
This was confirmed by the accountants .
The first three of these were achieved .
Users add and edit content themselves .
He knows he has achieved a lot in office .
This shows that progress is being made .
Fish will migrate there and reproduce .
He must also deal with the legal system .
This chowder is really really special .
I believe that society stigmatises us .
Her son chose another college instead .
He began to turn things over in his head .
Across the country a tide is reversing .
Strauss was probably wise to bat again .
Gottemoeller defended the agreement .
Love life and nearly all it has to offer .
But he also struggled with depression .
They dragged people out of their tents .
Very insightful and lots of great info .
I looked at everything with fresh eyes .
Portsmouth have scored no goals in two .
Reims has been charged in only one case .
Fifty are displayed at the exhibition .
I wish more airports had this facility .
So he manufactures conflict and drama .
There may be still time to cool tempers .
He was wearing a beige jacket and jeans .
It happened to friend of mine last week .
Details of the deal were not announced .
Gun control advocates are not pleased .
That cup is then removed from the table .
Class warfare is a stupid waste of time .
Russia publicly rejects such linkage .
It gives no figure for civilian deaths .
It does raise an interesting question .
The nickname and the reputation stuck .
Not many cars on the road can offer that .
It will soon go on sale across the world .
I can put myself in other people s shoes .
But meeting that demand is a challenge .
Brazil is leading the recovery effort .
The installation is highly strategic .
But what happened next was unexpected .
Michael soon began warming to the idea .
His first and third passes were tipped .
England need him fresh for senior duty .
The two men had been dead for a long time .
None of it would work without all three .
Another man in that small group agrees .
A lot of people said it was not that cold .
Xcaret is the more developed of the two .
Kiosks sell food and other basic goods .
We believe in giving freedom to people .
Many of their successors remain today .
There are two points of objection here .
This time the bullet missed its target .
Police said no firearm was discharged .
Many of the dead are women and children .
That was somewhat of an overstatement .
The clothes were impeccable to a fault .
Their bones decorate the public parks .
Shrapnel pocked the front of his house .
Tobin has been charged with her murder .
Tibetans still use it as phonetic term .
I was doing as much talking as they were .
The ensuing fight could hurt the party .
All they could do was try to cajole them .
That is not good for the system overall .
But all vacations eventually must end .
The truth may lie somewhere in between .
All three had gone to college together .
The ghost scenes are justly legendary .
Hope he keeps going and going and going .
The whites cheered and clapped him too .
That is a huge bet investors are taking .
Stevens is up for reelection next week .
The knee has been bugging me for a while .
A criminal investigation is under way .
I want her death sentence to be dropped .
Arms embargoes are often ineffective .
There were no other vehicles involved .
And the separation seemed manageable .
This women seems to be living in a dream .
Put the juice and sugar into a saucepan .
His sentencing date was not announced .
Sue turned out to be a demon fund raiser .
The radical left versus the president .
Congress would have to approve the tax .
The men have been missing for over a day .
They wanted to voice their objections .
Their evidence too was given speedily .
The reaction has been very nearly mute .
Police say the gunman is still at large .
I am not bothered what team they played .
Every party has to bury their hatchets .
It did not look intentional at all to me .
There were no punches and no ejections .
Hardly a week passes without a new case .
The work opens with stunning boldness .
Catholicism has remained strong here .
The next you are fighting for your home .
And their worries go back a generation .
Barak simply decided to jump the wagon .
Below that is the list of your contacts .
But it has not been entirely effective .
The conservative had his dog on a leash .
That time frame seemed insignificant .
Both of these have global aspirations .
He says the process will take some time .
Seriously this man is a dream come true .
Only that he was constantly at her side .
Except we can no longer afford walnuts .
Wacko hormones probably played a role .
The body of a man who committed suicide .
There are also traditions to consider .
There is much to intrigue the movie fan .
To do so again could upend bond markets .
It went into administration last year .
Husband and wife tag team as president .
Six more have also since been analysed .
He agrees that the cuts were too severe .
A car left the road and fell into a ditch .
He has already marked out a space for it .
Surfers have not been the only targets .
My notice period was cut to three years .
It is like building a bridge to nowhere .
I left my mother and father in the house .
And then they sit down together and eat .
I also recommend the stadium cushions .
But many come seemingly out of the blue .
My father would often translate for us .
The service started quite informally .
Not the most promising of raw material .
A nearby school was opened as a shelter .
This hacking story is huge and brewing .
Set a vegetable steamer on medium heat .
There is more to the problem than money .
But he was getting tired of being quiet .
Uefa regulation adopted by the league .
A bigger problem is the banking crisis .
She is known for being a tad outrageous .
It did not take a rogue to cause trouble .
Death usually comes at an advanced age .
A control group will be given placebos .
Women and children were among the dead .
She is also transgendered in real life .
Iran is buying time by being very gamey .
The couple even discussed buying a gun .
Which left the question of the menorah .
Someone must be doing something right .
The president has all but disappeared .
Netflix currently has the right model .
Why would the republicans even bother .
Take out your trash at least once daily .
Then my husband had to take a phone call .
But industry will have to take the lead .
Blood pressure cuffs have to be bigger .
Maryland is one of the few that does not .
And then things really begin to get bad .
Physical stunting is probably rising .
He said many of those workers are black .
They were then divided into two groups .
But look at how that number was derived .
He certainly deserves credit for that .
But each of its rivals has its own flaws .
This is abuse of power over all of users .
Each project has already spawned a hit .
This is where monetary policy comes in .
It will also be run by venture partners .
United were lacklustre from the start .
But what you are doing is enticing hate .
You must be an ignorant military lifer .
No benefits for us just death and bills .
Hope my info will work for someone else .
They can also ride a giant slide guitar .
The slowdown is affecting all sectors .
There was always a risk in this process .
He was just a kid that was stolen from us .
Burning a flag is not political speech .
Knock on their doors and hold meetings .
We want our madmen to be completely mad .
On the face of it the omens were not good .
English wine is not the joke it once was .
I never deprogrammed myself from that .
You may get more than you bargained for .
There was no problem at all with the car .
It should be a great game in a great city .
And as he lost weight he got more active .
Change ran its winning streak to three .
Hollywood is much shallower than that .
Most have seen their nest eggs decline .
There are logical reasons for the move .
Holbrooke has repeatedly denied this .
Now the risk has come back to haunt them .
Other groups seek to follow their lead .
Our bodies have to be the perfect shape .
Financial controls are another issue .
They live in a very rough neighborhood .
A majority of the women were strangled .
Eritrea denies making any incursions .
We all know how this is going to play out .
Their rugby men define them as a nation .
Dow normally raises prices piecemeal .
Tens of thousands remain unreachable .
He later swept up a trash can full of ash .
Four were listed in serious condition .
No one really knows what they are doing .
The officials gave no further details .
There is no surgery to lighten the skin .
Forget tiny airplanes or helicopters .
It was as close as they were going to get .
Cream goes with the richness of summer .
But his hesitation is understandable .
The reality is we do have to live with it .
Someone get this man a dog immediately .
The final leg of the race was freestyle .
The jobs report only added to the gloom .
Unfortunately it is too late to do a ban .
Whip the cream until it holds its shape .
We are not world champions for nothing .
I also carry quite a large diary with me .
I like to enjoy the finer things in life .
I think the answers might be different .
A joint news conference was scheduled .
Marburg has similar characteristics .
And they live in the same neighborhood .
His attorneys have said he is innocent .
By the age of four he could beat them all .
I can make a character that can meet you .
This means that he is unembarrassable .
The city is continuing to investigate .
None of them suffered severe injuries .
This is a man who has truly made his mark .
It makes the conversation undeniable .
And the price is comfort and quietness .
That one developed server technology .
There seems to be a mix of concerns here .
It is available only in bath showrooms .
But we have prepared for the challenge .
I just do not agree with homosexuality .
Harllee declined to discuss that case .
I will wait to hold my breath on that one .
The main points in this report are good .
We do something to try to avoid the pain .
The driver is believed to be among them .
Producers may even step up production .
India is poised to get a lot of this work .
I was so lucky to have stumbled upon her .
The price it pays is poor access to care .
Nine others were taken to the hospital .
Simpson said he had done nothing wrong .
Johnson has had a remarkably easy ride .
Religious intolerance is not a virtue .
There are all sorts of other obstacles .
Seventeen other people were sickened .
He sponsored two of my horses for shows .
Therapy culture is damaging children .
There were those who knew him back then .
Neither encourages trust of the media .
It was interesting what that poll said .
But this binary is a much too simple one .
Others were injured in their attempts .
But it has insisted its shots were safe .
China denies being behind the attacks .
Prices in the area vary significantly .
The tales provide the starting points .
Obama leads in polls in all five states .
Lets unite today for a better tomarrow .
I designed the robot that made the chip .
Jawad is one of the youngest detainees .
There are some things you never forget .
And at least one name has been ruled out .
The woman was then dragged into the car .
It was not the only message he received .
I urge someone to needle her about that .
Follow the flicker and caulk the leaks .
He also insisted on paying for the beer .
The movies tell us that again and again .
Davies could not reply quickly enough .
He is not condoning what they have done .
Nothing will ever change but the faces .
But it also made the house look musical .
Marsalis must be bursting at the seams .
We reconciled for the sake of the child .
Barkley has not even played five games .
Send us your experiences and pictures .
Xstrata is going to play a patient game .
We are processing these applications .
Scatter sesame seeds over the samosas .
He has made to many horrible decisions .
She has also been removed from the home .
This prompted laughs from both of them .
This is something of a legal minefield .
You are very insightful in this matter.
Last week was particularly traumatic .
Phone numbers for them were not listed .
The matchup will also be a rare pairing .
Although their new one jumps the shark .
Kim could have faced the death penalty .
The program fights poverty in two ways .
Boys and men could be bought for little .
Police are still hunting the culprits .
Instead it is now one great film studio .
There were countless similar stories .
Every town wanted him to give a recital .
We rented a big mansion and got married .
Silence ensured the flow of city money .
Police say he confessed to everything .
But nobody was saying what it was about .
I have been downsized from a newspaper .
No date was set for the potential trial .
People prefer not to discuss politics .
The peacemakers are not without tools .
They created this problem themselves .
Pledge of allegiance is fine in school .
My eldest brother trained as a teacher .
My job is to pick up the third base coach .
But sprint freestyling is hardly golf .
It was an astute and unexpected gamble .
The bank refused to disclose the buyer .
And he has a cool hat in his avatar photo .
He cited knee problems for pulling out .
Everybody has known this for some time .
Mesrine was undoubtedly a complex man .
Jews are not allowed to pray at the site .
You can have a little bit of everything .
Monday night it was all smooth sailing .
It has been so very helpful to my family .
Geopolitics also presents obstacles .
Know what a legitimate taxi looks like .
Links pay to performance in hospitals .
It was unclear whether it was licensed .
There are three ways to interpret this .
It was also quite easy and quick to wear .
It said changes are being implemented .
A year ago might have been the low point .
One only found the collar and the teeth .
Wearing glasses has never been cooler .
Officers are appealing for witnesses .
That whinny whimp got what he deserved.
You get tazed for that sort of thing now .
He is not a conductor who plays the game .
But the work associated with it is hard .
Somehow that is starting to make sense .
Another gold and another world record .
There was no official word on the cause .
The team still has many imperfections .
It turned out it was missing a metal leg .
Shopping can be an aesthetic pleasure .
I work as a lawyer and it has affected me .
Other species are also being affected .
There were usually several at one time .
For those at home and the world at large .
He said there were no major casualties .
He walked three and plunked two others .
She is now remarried with two children .
He rolls home to say hello to the family .
Nor is a solution immediately evident .
I never accused anyone of being stupid .
South next let the queen of hearts ride .
The heavy toll of playing pro football .
This diminishes our moral high ground .
A few bronze artifacts were recovered .
Visitors are trapped inside the hotel .
As if you have any idea whom it came from .
The very good halls in the world are few .
The midfield player is out of contract .
That was the last anyone heard from her .
Create parallel marketing campaigns .
Thin trade can exaggerate price moves .
The old coins all showed a single image .
I think it is the past versus the future .
Vinyl tends to inspire blind devotion .
He has survived four bouts of melanoma .
We had to investigate all those things .
There are no waste reduction programs .
Bush is also working against the clock .
You have a great window of opportunity .
Haumea is shaped like an elongated egg .
The concierge service works like this .
But it could apply for quite a few years .
This would make a great reality tv show .
There were no garbage cans or lighting .
A seventh was found not guilty earlier .
But other mistakes are hard to correct .
Then we aim to turn the club into a trust .
Summer and autumn berries are perfect .
And they may have made some new friends .
The game is in bad enough shape already .
The state has high hopes for the future .
It is just pouring good money after bad .
Bolt would have taken over thereafter .
And so one day the cops called in a panic .
Some scouring powders contain bleach .
Each had a hand placed on a flat surface .
It must be really cold if it is to be good .
Good idea but not yet up to real life use .
I did not need to use physical violence .
Nafta is the biggest mistake ever made .
The girl picked leaves out of a crevice .
But lenders said he was too great a risk .
There is no point saving for a rainy day .
Jobs is a survivor in more ways than one .
Glyndebourne has clearly been a model .
This would be true unequivocal reform .
An immediate capital infusion or loan .
The amount was disclosed to the public .
Those swirlies they gave you were just .
The team were not wearing life jackets .
Or take another ride with the chickens .
Carroll also has ties to the franchise .
Well part of the reason is a special tax .
And he was among the best in his company .
He offers only one charity lunch a year .
Tartagal has been hit by floods before .
Officials are trying various tactics .
My deep condolences to their families .
I enjoy life and all that is has to offer .
A little basic research is a good thing .
She thought they connected right away .
A bevy of fans awaited her book signing .
But no proof of these trips is required .
The moves were not a complete surprise .
This is ecologically scary and urgent .
Appointments are being scheduled now .
They are now used as a matter of routine .
A man says his cell phone saved his life .
I will always include you in my prayers .
He had been with another man and a woman .
This argument is more than ridiculous .
And it meant a battle had happened here .
They are what consciousness is made of .
The women allege he failed to tell them .
They leave messages of encouragement .
Now the city is getting something back .
Jindal said rescue teams were in place .
This is also the case with the military .
I watched this show and was mesmerized .
But lazy thinking set in a long time ago .
We are taking every primary seriously .
But he proposed no ideas for doing that .
We have not observed any outbreaks yet .
Atomisation nozzles are commonplace .
But this is a kind of genetic tinkering .
He has won five of his last eight starts .
The cost may not bother every customer .
It is about generational stewardship .
This is his red phone moment so to speak .
She was then threatened with the knife .
The new version seems faithful to that .
But no regular service has yet started .
It should not have even been a hard case .
Muslim groups have criticised the ban .
An overturned bus was left on the pitch .
Check with the restaurant for details .
Officer recruitment will need to stop .
Thank you for the opportunity to serve .
Four others in the chopper were unhurt .
Aides blamed an overcrowded schedule .
The parallel does work at least in part .
Loan defaults also are spooking banks .
He might be seen as chasing after roots .
We decidedly won one and lost the other .
Return to the intelligence community .
This is the cheapest money it could get .
Perhaps that is the crux of the problem .
Summa cum laude for creative thinking .
Police have made no arrests in the case .
Dozens of committees have been formed .
She did everything she was supposed to .
Both of these situations will improve .
Combine all ingredients in a sauce pan .
I had no idea that the kid was the danger .
Saturday and remained there all night .
But none of his major rivals went there .
Four more young people have died since .
I said that it had to be deficit neutral .
It will not be highlighted in lawbooks .
It will be the film he is remembered for .
The meeting started with a light touch .
I started my career in live television .
Search for your inner spiral stairway .
He has had a heart conditon since birth .
His music became our personal anthems .
But they also talk about electric cars .
Its symptoms include severe diarrhea .
What suits some does not suit everyone .
No one likes that kid in the schoolyard .
She is unlikely to make a full recovery .
Much of the country is cloudy or smoggy .
But it is not always easy to detect bias .
When the yield curve starts to steepen .
The rest buy and sell at the wrong times .
The teenager later committed suicide .
Police have appealed for information .
My heart goes out to everyone involved .
Plus he just looks guilty of something .
He repeated the same warning this year .
The expenses scandal has made us doubt .
Some wear dark capes and rubbery masks .
He met his first girlfriend at the mart .
He created modern mass entertainment .
The candidate had yet to take the stage .
That is what is wrong in politics today .
On such niceties do large matters turn .
Bob prompts two conflicting emotions .
My kids are on a reality show every week .
Based on four adults and four children .
The attorney was not hurt in the attack .
He says his son died from head injuries .
A city with rich footballing pedigree .
Police said it was not a random killing .
That bothersome job fell to my husband .
Others have also said they walked away .
No group ever claimed responsibility .
No one was killed or seriously injured .
We talk so much about winning in sports .
He is survived by a brother and a sister .
Families double up in tiny apartments .
He sounded and looked like a president .
They do not look like great friends now .
He was recently divorced from his wife .
Not all financial stocks moved higher .
There is one practical reason for that .
Good skiers find it utterly addictive .
He is survived by his wife and children .
They have quietly vowed to sabotage it .
Police refused to provide any details .
Medication helps early in the disease .
Send us your feedback by clicking here .
I get quite annoyed about it sometimes .
He joined in the massive search for her .
A decision will be made later this year .
She herself was among those to prosper .
The hotel might have a shuttle service .
Thats the right we are about to recieve .
It did not say when the raids took place .
One in five is unaware of the infection .
Two political fuses are still burning .
I stayed away from watching the movies .
You jolly well ought to feel that shame .
The bedcovers provide false security .
He later admitted it was the wrong call .
Another thought about one wiper blade .
He works very well with my personality .
Locke has experience in trade matters .
Ticket woes are a major source of anger .
It was like my gas tank was always empty .
Obama should quit jawboning the banks .
I feel the same about beautiful people .
But the economy appears to be shifting .
But they will learn from their mistake .
Do this with each shelf and at both ends .
They will be old men before they get out .
Even higher taxes on nursing home beds .
So was his inability to give up smoking .
There is maths and there is arithmatic .
But analysts say time is not on his side .
Tehran denies any such military plans .
He says they also lied to the president .
Wade fell on the wrist a couple of times .
He was unresponsive and not breathing .
They were unable to reach a compromise .
But theirs was not a whirlwind romance .
All were treated by medics at the scene .
It seems that she need not have worried .
By early afternoon they were out again .
Early prostate cancer has no symptoms .
Controls should prevent a recurrence .
The ball is popped out and they go again .
Sutter needed all the help he could get .
The writer is an education researcher .
That accounting rule has been changed .
It seems to me that this is a good choice .
He described his catch as blooming big .
I think it was a point well worth making .
But the number one thing is to have hope .
Think mortgage adviser with attitude .
The ipod succeeds for similar reasons .
There are two types of decision makers .
I will express them when the time comes .
These folks have room to spare or share .
It is a moment of unbearable poignancy .
I know the public has no sympathy for us .
Anticlotting drugs might protect him .
The place has never been the same since .
It simply gets better with each listen .
But the bellowing sea is more her style .
Dates and times have not been released .
There was no congressional oversight .
He has been looking for work ever since .
The car was also raised from the seabed .
But you still want a trip that delivers .
The problem now is to look to the future .
She was unable to speak to the operator .
Adams could not be reached for comment .
Lots of interesting things happening .
You get put on higher doses of morphine .
Not everyone is entirely happy though .
You who buy drugs enable these murders .
No sympathy for squatters and thieves .
Her footsteps will echo over old stone .
Now he is back to acting and parenthood .
The rebels did not comment on the blast .
Doria did not return calls for comment .
This book could have been twice as long .
This is important information to have .
He has hit fourth in most of those games .
It is not just about recycling our cans .
It is an invitation for assassination .
White was also an accomplished writer .
Ao played with care by winning in dummy .
A companion followed him with a camera .
The company has been a corpse for years .
No one else would dare to be so arrogant .
But the pirates have not been defeated .
She advocated a new round of sanctions .
The same kinds of protections are here .
Italy has announced similar measures .
Ngumbi offered a more lackluster wave .
You can interpret it any number of ways .
The end result of course was a disaster .
Authorities are unable to explain why .
Something went really wrong this year .
But do not make an example of the player .
It is sad to hear of a hacker in distress .
Perhaps we might find that out tonight .
Some residents already want to go home .
She is responsible for her own actions .
Now his family could say the same of him .
Home furnishings continued to be weak .
Meals and activities are not included .
Relationships will be less stressful .
The ends justify the means and all that .
Waste is also becoming more hazardous .
Police have started an investigation .
He talked about siding with the people .
Planes are being junked left and right .
Stevens sent thank you notes to others .
He left the game before it even started .
Shrieks go up and he gets a playful biff .
He also found time to write and lecture .
This will save you money in the long run .
It was a war of retaliation and pursuit .
Waiting at the back of a very long queue .
The treatment was also well tolerated .
That innovation totem is no exception .
A serving has three grams of fat or less .
The union thinks she should get a raise .
I dont get it to be quite honest with you .
There must be a lesson there somewhere .
A single police car was parked outside .
They could use some common sense there .
Doctors are divided about the request .
Too bad it plays online video so poorly .
That would limit overhead and profits .
The most needed skills are in infantry .
They never looked back from that point .
You suspected he was wearing slippers .
Let these people stew in their own bile .
Now it must match its words with action .
Officials installed new smoke alarms .
Flies swarmed the multicolored house .
The man denies all charges against him .
But those talks are unlikely to resume .
Alltel shares are not publicly traded .
Hughley found a little begging helped .
To calculate roasting time click here .
Even the floor was called into service .
That is a lot of stimulus for the dollar .
Grayson had asked as the evening began .
Then he felt a blow that knocked him out .
Make a written list of what was damaged .
London is not alone in feeling snubbed .
The cost to duplicate it is negligible .
Police say there is no sign of foul play .
Playing the class card might also help .
Of course you should be held to account .
Our seats were perfect for both as well .
My wife knows about these gay feelings .
This earthquake is certainly a trauma .
Redirecting donations is a vital task .
That muscle orbits the eye completely .
Biden is no example of bipartisanship .
It seemed like a poor recruiting pitch .
I have been without work for months now .
Democrats clearly see an opportunity .
He is a little better than he was before .
I need a handout to explain that as well .
The transcript was played for the jury .
Natelashvili is an espionage suspect .
That is where crime and terrorism meet .
But outside observers are not welcome .
He was known as theological hardliner .
His is a genial and companionable book .
His confidence in the knee grows daily .
They have let the manager get on with it .
No one else thought it was unappealing .
Officials said no ransom had been paid .
The president has quadrupled the debt .
Good players try to make their own luck .
Maybe his arm will be tested regularly .
The company changed its name this year .
Roads to the park are steep and winding .
Clever is also an important attribute .
A minister and the politics of poverty .
Brown is due to be arraigned next month .
Sitting governments are hard to budge .
But it appears to be in very rude health .
The couple also was seriously injured .
His canine tooth was broken as a result .
What is the actual quote and who made it .
The two have an amicable relationship .
He walked two while striking out eight .
Many agreed that teen books can be dark .
But we demand a baptismal certificate .
It will go on for six days and six nights .
Many of those children are minorities .
The museum was founded two years later .
It had seemed such an obvious kindness .
Found the car on the later from a dealer .
The president spoke to that last night .
British drivers are already smarting .
Maps were blown up and hung on the walls .
Observers expect a spirited campaign .
It was the first ground action in a week .
I left everything else of value behind .
He was a step slow coming out of the gate .
The door was replaced in the afternoon .
His story is still shrouded in mystery .
But these upgrades are very expensive .
She found work with a detective agency .
Usually such cases are simply dropped .
Mayoral control is not a silver bullet .
Great directors thrive on challenges .
Nothing but your whinging about taxes .
We believe she is financially well off .
Both are essential to immune function .
So any start up has that to compete with .
I can see how so many people were fooled .
Tenzing had never used a camera before .
The man must be as popular as a rock star .
Pour the heated water over everything .
Overseas markets were also unsettled .
They got married and had four children .
The govs have been fussing all weekend .
All of this can come as quite a surprise .
Four of the recipients have been women .
Charges against him have been dropped .
He needs to tuck his tail and slink away .
Landslide would be an understatement .
It has opened up a whole new world to him .
It makes the blog feel larger than life .
Most infragravity waves hug the coast .
The arm can then simply be pushed aside .
His attempt at a return pass is blocked .
We sold off our stuff and had a big party .
Preliminary results are due next year .
But we have to take him at him at his word .
This was where abuses could take place .
Flurry is the product of two companies .
Cut crosswise into four even segments .
But she is hesitant to take much credit .
Cole is looking very isolated up front .
Bad for them and bad for their families .
They become women and wish for a change .
Others paddled out on makeshift rafts .
A few hours later there was a fistfight .
The media enjoy considerable freedom .
We have been living like birds in a cage .
You have to make sure they learn from it .
But the political terrain has changed .
His public image never did him justice .
He was said to have noticeably big lips .
But such sale talk has died down lately .
But it can be effective only sometimes .
Visa and immunization costs are extra .
Biden also has personal ties to the war .
Motorists have been urged to take care .
The shares remain a buy at these levels .
Ash was falling over the city like snow .
If not we could miss him for three games .
The blast caused no injuries or damage .
If kids want sugary stuff after school .
Here are a dozen top deals for this week .
You might be surprised at what you find .
The firm insists it has mended its ways .
Edwards was not available for comment .
Crowley has said he will not apologize .
Olmert has three months left in office .
Unless they are incompetent of course .
The colonel is a keen reader of history .
My limited sources tell me only so much .
This was double the number among girls .
Comey tried to talk around the subject .
That is our footprint around the globe .
Sporting events are open to the public .
All he talked about was climate change .
Bribery is a princely kind of thieving .
This module would have six bunk spaces .
That one was waiting for another woman .
Eggs should also be thoroughly cooked .
He had planned the surprise for months .
Wipe out their shareholders if you can .
The battery of races tore down his body .
Any savings above that are not covered .
All of its bones were likewise massive .
Details of that case were not reported .
I was in denial for most of my adult life .
He made eight saves in the third period .
Prosecutors had sought life in prison .
Arsenal as a business was undervalued .
The boy studied these names carefully .
It stops when the recipient remarries .
Churchill did not respond for comment .
Training security forces is not cheap .
So he was ready to be a director for hire .
The baby came out and did a little cough .
But he does not count on that happening .
We are very close to the other families .
He helped to build a thriving business .
Sorenstam nearly ended it right there .
Launch codes are part of the component .
Mars is a real target for future travel .
A person without relations is nothing .
I guess that makes the song even sadder .
No private cars would enter the square .
There are brazen ways to drive through .
But the trust has thrown out a lifeline .
Guests here can expect a triple whammy .
We tried to get him to take his shoes off .
He never admitted to abusing his child .
My car was stolen from outside my house .
But there is still the occasional blip .
Some clambered down ladders to safety .
Glad to see someone is doing something .
We moved in and we became a happy family .
Both reached the playoffs last season .
Weis will also work with special teams .
He was thousands of miles away in space .
And some consumers are doing just that .
They said others had been shot earlier .
The biggest barrier could be distance .
And it had never translated into power .
These brokers are the lowest of the low .
Old ladies empathise most with the dog .
Some thought it was brilliantly retro .
Pieces of flesh were strewn on the road .
It is not clear when he will be released .
But mostly this was a day for athletics .
In that world all dancers are soloists .
His bosses allow him to keep the word in .
He is still personally popular abroad .
And so our work continues this weekend .
The industry transformed the economy .
We also should have drawn a line on guns .
The cause of the blaze remains unknown .
So there is plenty of room to spend more .
We have learnt to use the word talisman .
His comrade was covered in dried blood .
But not all juices have the same effect .
He has no feeling and no control over it .
But the scan is more than just a memento .
The hourlong rally appeared peaceful .
Weekend golfers everywhere rejoiced .
A bathe in the river is a rite of passage .
Interface has a lot to do with it as well .
It had been activated by their crosses .
Nobody was in the slightest bit fooled .
He is still living down that statement .
I promise you they are not about change .
My second thought was finding a new job .
But still there are not enough workers .
She treated him like a large teddy bear .
Sometimes it leaves me a little groggy .
Nor is this even its original location .
The problem is they do not go far enough .
They went to give themselves strength .
The profit motive encourages secrecy .
Current editors at the magazine agree .
All centres are affected by the delays .
The world economy has stopped falling .
Like a furnace blanket around my brain .
Neither speed nor alcohol was a factor .
Jamelia said that he should try harder .
He spent little of the money on himself .
There is no political effort to stop it .
He was known for never missing an event .
Find something more valuable to write .
From that place you can plan a strategy .
But the sniping was impossible to miss .
That overall is about growth and depth .
It would have made the deal regardless .
But he said it warranted further study .
On occasions they exhibited together .
The blast engulfed their car in flames .
Yet the consequences are clear enough .
These guys arrived at his place of work .
Fifty bishops took a voluntary pay cut .
This first part is slightly ambiguous .
Put a nail through each triangular end .
That boldness appears to be paying off .
Ten judges were hearing the case today .
It is a programme that no longer adds up .
It boils down to following his example .
Seam and swing bowlers have dominated .
Everyone received identical surveys .
Job creation has not progressed at all .
But there is something different here .
The language of football is universal .
We boomers are getting older every day .
One showed him with a bomb in his turban .
But the damage is already substantial .
It seemed like we would never get there .
Police said she was not seriously hurt .
I suppose terrorism is just the latest .
Saline would be instantly noticeable .
This economy is very big and very solid .
No faded chaps for this galloping chap .
You heard the same phrases everywhere .
They also completed three spacewalks .
Nearly two dozen people were arrested .
The private sector is less optimistic .
I got up the nerve and asked him about it .
The final group got off to a shaky start .
My second visit was at the vet for my cat .
Some reports put the death toll higher .
They are right to want the banks to lend .
The burglar was left with brain damage .
No future discussions were scheduled .
Sapp sat out during the second quarter .
She shares her story to educate others .
A set of curling stones rests on the ice .
There will be a webcast of this hearing .
There will be rivals closer to home too .
It all starts in their hearts and minds .
This one was also bred by the exhibitor .
The insider asked not to be identified .
And ordinary citizens are benefiting .
Some lenders are going out of business .
Play football with a smile on your face .
The media have just reported the facts .
There is no truth to any of those claims .
The committee outlines eight options .
Some limited help appears to be coming .
Too bad hardly anyone saw it in the area .
This is concerning on several grounds .
Monasteries spread and parishes grew .
The painful legacy never left his mind .
The third person was dressed in a burka .
But the powers that be have it out for me .
Hundreds of acres of hay also were lost .
This was because they did not yet exist .
India has also started similar trials .
If you need me you can always count on me .
It makes me more determined to beat him .
But the price will not always be so high .
That original odour is irrecoverable .
Even he seems to accept that criticism .
Hussain was a more significant leader .
The dogs have been here for three weeks .
That will serve him well in his new post .
Get tips for getting a green home below .
France also supported the resolution .
Imagine what he might cook up this week .
The earlier bill passed both chambers .
The four were caught with nine kms to go .
They beat them in three straight games .
He broke horses and grew yucca and yams .
It did not give the status of the others .
But its proponents face a tough battle .
That average is roughly three percent .
Some signs of relief are on the horizon .
I oppose her candidacy for that reason .
So it is left to the people to celebrate .
Other studies dispute those findings .
But now the roulette wheel is spinning .
Miliband was ridiculed and forgotten .
The social movement requires support .
Moss had been faced with tough choices .
The two impulses cancel each other out .
She already has a good touch on the ball .
But executions of foreigners are rare .
Aenean a est id lacus porttitor ornare .
Brown is not like to be in that position .
You may find the answer to your problem .
Things are getting very busy for me now .
The images are taken by a camera in a box .
I chalked it up to college differences .
The paper has always been an innovator .
The police casualty rate has been high .
He returned later without the vehicle .
Pierce is both a believer and a skeptic .
Reina came to collect but missed badly .
Closed shops dominate its high street .
They thought they were going to get hit .
This is more of a warning than anything .
You could lean against the atmosphere .
But in fact the host had a lot on his mind .
But deals always involve concessions .
She left the role at the end of last year .
The rumours began shortly afterwards .
What he learned then he still believes .
Some of them remain bereft of teachers .
Even the coffee pot is a thing of beauty .
They were not struggling financially .
You tip the scales in favor of progress .
Bond prices fell as stocks fluctuated .
And for that we are eternally grateful .
We need to embrace a far bigger picture .
Public safety was mostly spared the ax .
But the section remained in the report .
The criticism has to make you stronger .
That may not seem like a large revision .
Objections are overruled in this show .
A year from now that will be mainstream .
None of the plays produced a touchdown .
You must expect them to fight back hard .
The sea offers three ways of doing this .
Then you move up into upper management .
I lived with my parents and two sisters .
The teen was picked up again yesterday .
He was released but was asked to return .
I think defenses rather he not be there .
The woman was cooperating with police .
And the engine sounds like a lawnmower .
None went to local health departments .
It implies suggestions and solutions .
And his appointees run the public ones .
But the evidence of tightening is thin .
But overall things are getting better .
But that did not detract from his pride .
Environmentalists welcome the moves .
Most modern turtles have short snouts .
We have orgied on sanctimony this week .
Two officers died and six were wounded .
Her hair was a mass of tangles and knots .
Despite that oil stocks were in demand .
It depends whether you see it as damage .
But that would be a terrible thing to do .
Politicians start wooing homeowners .
These are inculcated from an early age .
Watch that number in the coming months .
But life is often boring and sex scanty .
Plan your route with the help of the web .
If only there was a way to recreate them .
They deny all the charges against them .
Police were searching for the suspect .
Kelly knew how close his opponents got .
What he did next may have saved her life .
The lord above have mercy on your souls .
But you have to ask that question first .
Indecipherable curse words followed .
It has since been removed from the book .
Many have been swallowed up by history .
Buttars did not identify the retailer .
Art catastrophes can happen anywhere .
Bashir has dismissed the allegations .
A computer and other items were seized .
No one else was injured in the incident .
I try to see the positive in everywhere .
Banks and retailers eat those charges .
What a sick and ignorant comment north .
One of the victims was a police officer .
We consider it to be the worst calamity .
Polls now show the race to be a dead heat .
When those bubbles pop you get a crisis .
Conflict ends with a negotiated peace .
He points the finger at the government .
I got a lot of heat for those interviews .
I guessing boiling bunnys on the stove .
Like he does most other days of the year .
Even some state schools have joined in .
This question she sidesteps entirely .
Half a million homes have been flooded .
But here we are and the miracle is afoot .
He laughed quietly at his predicament .
There is no reason to feel sorry for him .
I just saw that there was a store near me .
That prevents the eyeball collapsing .
More executive changes have followed .
That is a fight that all of us will fight .
Blend it into products and sell it to us .
It does not eliminate the toxic assets .
All were convicted of murder and arson .
Perhaps this is mere cultural bigotry .
The big flaw is atrocious battery life .
A lot depends on the unemployment rate .
Top lawmakers consider this unlikely .
Cunningham said later on his talk show .
Publishers and authors set the prices .
His questions are beyond infuriating .
They had been on the streets ever since .
Which is already there when you move in .
I condemn these attacks unreservedly .
Children run about barefoot and naked .
Morgan and his wife have now separated .
It is impossible to say for certain yet .
Hunter added a solo homer in the fourth .
Not only for there sick satisfication .
But he has not made any such changes yet .
Treasury prices rose as stocks gained .
Thanks for the links and your comments .
The sole power plant has been shut down .
Authorities are right to be concerned .
His testimony was closed to the public .
There will certainly be enough of them .
Bad music must be running on generator .
Higher feed costs are having an impact .
Senden was the leader in the clubhouse .
A pleasure to read accurate reporting .
Corals are home to many species of fish .
But new rivals are entering the market .
Seniority would receive least weight .
Family members also declined comment .
But the process is not totally at fault .
Bags take priority in the overhead bin .
This is such a terrible pricing system .
There are many decent downtown hotels .
Then there seemed to be a breakthrough .
This happens all to often in our courts .
The policy measures are a consequence .
He complained of dizziness at the half .
They look nice and did not cost too much .
The only way out was through the flames .
He adds two to fine leg later in the over .
Talk about the love theme for the movie .
He kicked the dog and punched the woman .
The stakes in this debate are enormous .
Sometimes it cuts off the circulation .
This was almost double the rental cost .
He left the rest of the sentence unsaid .
He won a golf scholarship the next year .
I speak to a few of my fellow travellers .
But it was against his better judgment .
His first job was selling horse manure .
The fire was reported in the afternoon .
Other lawmakers were not so fortunate .
One of the airmen was charged with rape .
A rift opens between him and the author .
The focus was on treatment of soldiers .
He was jailed for four years and a month .
It just might mean one less rogue state .
This market rally still has time to run .
But that makes kavya look like an idiot .
Three guards there were among the dead .
Yet waiting much longer could be risky .
The military said it is investigating .
The results are usually worth the wait .
Two teams already dominate the league .
But they want to keep the channels open .
And they have the perfect quarterback .
Independent simply means what it says .
Oh is seeking her second win on the tour .
Theatergoers are an optimistic bunch .
It seems hypocritical to say the least .
Dates and romantic texts only go so far .
Bluefin tuna are a threatened species .
The city was thrown into a state of fear .
I want to kick back and do sweet nothing .
But she is not short of reinforcements .
But enforcing a code proved difficult .
I am not going to reveal who my choice is .
Some were guiding cows across a bridge .
Also slow growth mean less rebuilding .
My findings are in the panel on the left .
This time it cannot afford to look away .
Then he climbed the hill on the far side .
Remove the waxed paper from each layer .
Then it turns into a sort of dark comedy .
The subprime crisis is not one of those .
Big financial institutions collapse .
She did not handle investment choices .
But now the show wants artistic credit .
But this year feels a little different .
I just sort of do it off the top of my head .
The teachers will have to take the flak .
I want to know why these people are offe .
The book is expected to be a bestseller .
This sounded too rustic to reassure me .
But friendship brings its own burdens .
Silence now seems to be winning the day .
Ethnic disputes break out frequently .
He apologized but denied he hit anyone .
But the vast majority of loans have not .
And gamers are the ones getting burned .
The rebels still broadcast the speech .
Almost everyone has come out of it well .
His whole game was about manipulation .
The weather had already done a fine job .
Irish banks overflowing with profits .
The comment period is coming to a close .
Obama has offered similar sentiments .
It was designed to force us to turn back .
They normally do not cause much damage .
Such information was shocking enough .
Williams admitted two counts of theft .
He has been lying throughout the trial .
The changes will be in place for a month .
They too came in ahead of expectations .
They are to be removed under the new law .
Now the fate of the overhaul is in doubt .
Other campers are moving down the road .
Few should be surprised at this change .
Howard would strike the right balance .
The prime minister was lucky last week .
Each shift was doing its own processes .
The latest crop is rather more subdued .
Instability is inherent in asymmetry .
I did not know what to do or where to turn .
I just wanted to go out and face hitters .
That should definitely be on your list .
I dunno if this is just me being nervous .
Waiters depend on tips to make a living .
This insular attitude is seen again in .
He hopes to have the surgery next month .
Coolers and large bags are not allowed .
Three masked gunmen stood behind them .
But his career had its twists and turns .
Almost half of the patients were women .
Government policies are also to blame .
Workers used backhoes to shift debris .
A dozen other states have similar laws .
Obama holds leads in polls nationally .
It was like looking into a strobe light .
The bank was not available for comment .
Join us here shortly for all the action .
Jets must punt for the first time today .
I believe your numbers are misleading .
Nominate an inspirational woman here .
The man who was not hit raised the alarm .
It is not clear who is behind the attack .
Yet this journey has been like no other .
There was a lack of critical oversight .
She is appealing against the sentence .
It could also put some pimps out of work .
I am innocent of the charges against me .
The odds were stacked against success .
Then you will have to do something ugly .
It ended up stopping on a nearby street .
There is no independent verification .
It faced a possible economic collapse .
Primaries can be either open or closed .
Here are suggestions for getting help .
A handful of protesters were arrested .
Additional suspects are being sought .
Sacks is not the first to take this line .
And life since then has been a struggle .
I have a bigger painting set than yours .
And bring strong backs or pack animals .
Nishida said there were no complaints .
Allow states to set proficiency goals .
Even some antibiotics cause tinnitus .
If they worked they would need only one .
Others have no women presenters at all .
Dwyer bolted inside and hid under a bed .
And they need someone to pay attention .
She found a new tenant and was free to go .
At some point a glass of wine was thrown .
Orders are placed at the cash register .
This is not a role for the fainthearted .
France is expected soon to follow suit .
I hope this message reaches new people .
He was able to crawl out of the wreckage .
That was enough to send stocks soaring .
The biggest adjustment was for our cat .
At first he thought it could not be true .
Tuesday put many of these fears to rest .
Go there and write a poem about all this .
You have to be two to have a partnership .
Tensions have been mounting for weeks .
Wafa died in hospital three days later .
And enterprise matters more than ever .
And quickly while it is still possible .
But he indicated an openness to change .
But you need floodgates on everything .
There are two types of job application .
Below is a selection of their comments .
But there is much to be done before then .
The items have been sent away for tests .
This suggests two main possibilities .
That would be a constructive position .
Maybe the crowd had been given warning .
There are sandbags around our home now .
They did not specify the cause of death .
The group plans to appeal the decision .
Francoeur homered on his second pitch .
They have wanted me dead for a long time .
They are trying to treat you like fools .
But other heads defended the rankings .
He said the department has to be nimble .
Both teams can hold their heads up high .
She turned and flashed a winning smile .
The three suspects have been arrested .
The pipeline would be forever clogged .
Looks like the tam has truly hit the fan .
I did feel like a little bit was left out .
The three others were released on bail .
The rules have gradually been relaxed .
There are different standards for men .
Such penalties can crimp bank lending .
He looked pretty good in the preseason .
Certain tropes become controversial .
Obama does not know the way to anywhere .
Immigration is definitely on the rise .
The mark and legacy of her speakership .
I always thought someone would step in .
Sounds to me like they are reporting it .
But they had shown no signs of dementia .
Microsoft only wanted all of our money .
Doors have been slammed in their faces .
All she wanted to do was help her family .
You really handled this one by the book .
He would not identify who that would be .
The school says police are on their way .
The nasty catholic school forbid this .
Republicans strongly oppose the idea .
Voting was largely along racial lines .
Brown dismissed the issue as a late hit .
Measures would be announced next week .
And this is the real meat of the problem .
My sons are absolutely wonderful guys .
Police said the deaths are suspicious .
Most children know those who harm them .
Their lease is up at the end of the month .
I heard a very interesting discussion .
The mini van rolled over several times .
Kennedy died last week of brain cancer .
Sarko supporters quickly tore it down .
You just work a lot more hours in the day .
Medvedev has been the softer of the two .
That raises howls of cynical laughter .
The website said he was released later .
In a hurry here today but more tomorrow .
Vista is just a bloated pain in the neck .
Liberal economists embrace the point .
Court documents give some indication .
Your browser does not support iframes .
The automaker is working on a solution .
Someone to keep everyone else in check .
The centre ground is relatively small .
Also business people have faith in him .
I innocently asked an older colleague .
But take the case of stem cell research .
Only two percent involve school buses .
There is also a health and safety issue .
They are also a nexus of the poppy trade .
I think it will be very awkward to watch .
Yahoo said it would evaluate the offer .
A commercial line also is in the offing .
Parties come and go at an alarming rate .
He usually teaches three groups a week .
Indian weaknesses have been glimpsed .
But these gorillas are not quite alone .
A good garden tree and a willing grower .
The difference goes beyond attitudes .
He has made his belief part of his shtik .
With oil consumption comes pollution .
He might have to say goodbye to his band .
We are becoming a nation of fruitcakes .
That second part may be about to change .
It does not make for very happy reading .
Nothing was stolen during the robbery .
Sudan provides ready evidence of that .
A lot of what we do is unvarnished truth .
They need to get their stuff corrected .
The first textured brushstroke stamp .
Men hollering into the balmy twilight .
I remained naked for the next two weeks .
And former members keep on coming back .
The storm destroyed my home and office .
A few routines appear to have come back .
Tea can also be physically beneficial .
The historic site is open for visitors .
Both players missed practice all week .
The group remains quarantined at home .
Volunteers were asked to donate money .
It has become an all too familiar story .
His grasp of political history is deep .
Reactions ranged from awed to puzzled .
That one had been coming for a while now .
Dawn always follows the darkest night .
A series of questions flooded her head .
The human character is not set in stone .
But we are increasingly unable to do so .
I found this article very interesting .
Of course there is the downside as well .
Bubbas are cute and happy and friendly .
His two newspapers have been shut down .
This free licence has to be applied for .
Judgment was expected to be suspended .
Everyone of the speakers did a fine job .
He denied any involvement in the crime .
It would have been nice to mention the c .
Nothing valuable or useful to society .
Corcoran also said it saw a slight drop .
This reverse offer expires in two days .
But he said this was in no way adhered to .
I wish everyone well dealing with pain .
Geography is no guarantee of security .
Then the person behind me kicks my seat .
I stopped making resolutions ages ago .
The most beautiful insomnia of my life .
The infatuation ended later that year .
This system makes things a lot lighter .
An equal number of people were injured .
They are almost too easy to understand .
It did not identify the kidnap victims .
Default is different from delinquent .
It helps to avoid a financial meltdown .
It filters the water away from my mouth .
That heckler was booed by the audience .
She has two daughters and two stepsons .
Investment policies come in two parts .
Put it in reverse chronological order .
A fresh fodder for the late night shows .
We just have yet to figure out what it is .
Davis was a sponsor of an early version .
Walker concedes that point right away .
Pakistani officials have denied this .
But both deals are also logical enough .
Try shipping your belongings instead .
The costs of doing business are rising .
But cleaning the air is a bit different .
It helped to have experience on the bag .
The standoff lasted about three hours .
We need to mindful of these statistics .
Davidson oversees all player matters .
They have let us down internationally .
And marketing savvy is in short supply .
It gave no details about the substance .
But he would not go into military plans .
Every passing truck rattled my nerves .
This issue must not slip into oblivion .
That missile was apparently imported .
Not that the couple will be slumming it .
Early withdrawals do even more damage .
Going it alone only tears you up inside .
Recognition or rewards come to others .
An organizer suggested three million .
You can lay part of the blame on ethanol .
I myself love a good conspiracy theory .
The mission here is to protect a flower .
The two things may actually be related .
He is believed to be under police guard .
Moderates are being promoted all over .
They paid quiet attention throughout .
Bandwagon and jumping springs to mind .
The rest remained institutionalized .
They lend based on the ability to repay .
It will not be the elected politicians .
He lost his glasses but made his way out .
Cutlery is mainly used for percussion .
That is why it is better not to look at it .
You always end up pulling things apart .
The day starts with a proper breakfast .
There are places where quality is king .
Whoever does will say it was meant to be .
It also halted futures trade in rubber .
One person sustained bullet injuries .
A gift card was stolen from a residence .
Authorities said he was hospitalized .
The corporation is expecting trouble .
Oxfam wants to change this perception .
I was a bit disappointed by this season .
But an unwanted pile of money is a first .
Her five children also had him for band .
This can all be done calmly and quietly .
This was a distinctly unhelpful award .
My agent was uncertain about the title .
A radio cassette player was also taken .
We have two wholly owned subsidiaries .
Outside events also broke in his favor .
He does not know how to balance a budget .
The report now goes to the legislature .
She was not involved with either study .
This pasta sauce takes minutes to cook .
Such reports are hard to substantiate .
The number of tractors has quadrupled .
It is also comparatively cheap to make .
The economic toll also spread further .
The clothing maker vowed to fight back .
The two have known each other for years .
His family said he was recovering well .
Helping bankers is not an end in itself .
But he endorsed one of its key messages .
Saturn if you were independent minded .
This can be measured in the laboratory .
Gavdos at last has a few metalled roads .
Experts do not predict another famine .
It corrodes the character of a country .
Federer yelled after unforced errors .
It will strengthen us in the end though .
Perhaps he should make the offer first .
Her husband threatened to divorce her .
It did not rule on the merits of the case .
I wonder if it has been seized by a virus .
But there are people who are plain evil .
I had problems with other people there .
Then their numbers started to dwindle .
Obama is less cynical about the public .
I do want to work with them in good faith .
Get involved by making a comment below .
You can see her lips moving as she talks .
Your friends get alerts about all that .
Yet this is no way to choose a president .
A report will now be sent to the coroner .
But the terrorists see it differently .
The restaurants are similarly louche .
The child is being treated in hospital .
I seemed to have been bankrupt for ever .
The reinforcements set out next month .
Both amount to bringing home the bacon.
I just drank an iced tea here with lunch .
He should be impeached and imprisoned .
But underneath lay a tangle of subtext .
He has just cut dead trees for firewood .
The history of this is not encouraging .
All that and yet equities are rallying .
Millions more are disabled in some way .
Tehran says its programme is peaceful .
They were allowed to return home later .
They have to learn everything quickly .
I have two thoughts on this whole issue .
And the final risk is quite simply this .
Good news was hard to find in the report .
The country had become too capitalist .
Komisarek can hardly cut a low profile .
I have no desire to write about the pain .
I also teach at a school much like yours .
She has diabetes and a heart condition .
That leads us to another basic problem .
Families need to do their own homework .
I asked about tryouts at the front desk .
The fifth floor remains most desolate .
Johnson has more straight ahead burst .
This system is an invitation for abuse .
Will admits it is an unlikely foursome .
Let the character assasination begin .
He struck out seven while walking five .
Brown is not happy with foreign policy .
And not be afraid to admit uncertainty .
Two officers suffered minor injuries .
That is not an appropriate comparison .
But they are far trickier to look after .
The whole thing happened very quickly .
I may know a lot about fighting this war .
Turn restless energy to a good purpose .
I would be amazed if you walked upright .
This crackdown smacks of desperation .
And he uses design to express that love .
Bikes even help officers keep in shape .
Hollywood certainly seems to think so .
His former party is glad to be rid of him .
But to do so we must grasp a deep paradox .
He acted as intermediary for a few days .
That is the country both left and right .
Now not so many people can use like this .
They used the wood to make fires to cook .
A resolution celebrating some bishop .
He might not have been the first choice .
Please choose your topics more wisely .
You are dreaming of some place far away .
You come across as a very modest person .
Maybe this review will give them pause .
More surprising is their recent rally .
All energy stocks were slightly lower .
No school should ever be without a head .
I think he did what he thought was right .
The mathematics speak for themselves .
He is two months behind on his mortgage .
Possession of opium poppies is a crime .
It should now suspend military action .
Stockmarkets have rebounded sharply .
That is not what it was like to be a slave .
Their children were not at the service .
Never before had such a thing happened .
And it could sell euros and buy dollars .
We may gripe to our significant others .
Neither of the murders has been solved .
The number of prosecutions has soared .
We get to the bottom of many little bags .
He refuses to waste gas chasing rumors .
The endeavor was something of a gamble .
Pyongyang has denied responsibility .
This certainly had the desired effect .
His daily show came to an end yesterday .
That is my definition of architecture .
He will now continue treatment at home .
I am a merry widow ready to have some fun .
But it may never each that height again .
Now he was faced with a much larger task .
So preparing a few words was a good idea .
A sense of humanity may have prevailed .
Shakespeare prevailed in a jury trial .
Eventually heroin had him completely .
Then it asked you to pay for its mistake .
The story was cobblers as it turned out .
Drink plenty of water to keep hydrated .
The details were hammered out quickly .
Add egg pieces and garam masala powder .
And that indeed is the point of the film .
Some have no sewerage or running water .
Ross is however wrong in this instance .
Their prejudice needs confrontation .
Most simply installed automatically .
Temperatures will fall quite quickly .
We have little idea how it will develop .
This is the crux of the present dilemma .
One was holding a small child on her lap .
Police began arresting them one by one .
Drifters had reinvented itself again .
Cat are great and fascinating animals .
One rested comfortably in their cages .
No one was ever charged in the incident .
Glauco just waves a pocket watch at him .
The injuries were not going to stop him .
I believe taxes on the rich need to go up .
But the country needs many more like it .
Their lawyers say the evidence is thin .
The object of the game is to score goals .
This convinced many they ought to quit .
Twelve million have been killed so far .
But even these gains must be qualified .
They get out a few times for spacewalks .
Now is the time to prepare for the worst .
Absolutely secondary or lesser stuff .
Saturday for investigation of murder .
No matter what city or town it occurs in .
Others struggled with the fast greens .
The three other women have been bailed .
Arena tried to put a brave face on it all .
That is where regulation should focus .
She would not identify the medication .
Children were evacuated from schools .
That you honor financial obligations .
He is everything his own father was not .
He may be a good candidate for a gap year .
There is some small comfort available .
The new proposals require them to do so .
But the shocking bit was what came next .
They are like a fiction brought to life .
Im not warming to either candidate yet .
Li said these concerns were misplaced .
Other counts against him were dropped .
Floods followed in as little as an hour .
The new affluence is already apparent .
It was headed back to make one last drop .
It had a devastating impact on her life .
The company had cases before the court .
But it might earn her a place in the next .
Collins had maintained his innocence .
Raich was fourth after the opening run .
Her claim for compensation succeeded .
It is a long way from almost everywhere .
Half of those tried for more than a year .
Here the sullenness was on the surface .
Being gay never really posed a problem .
She died from her injuries the next day .
The mixture should be highly seasoned .
You do not speak for all conservatives .
Rule breakers will get a warning first .
The attorney general also must do more .
The doctors tell me my wound is healing .
No new coal plants were built last year .
Making up the difference is difficult .
We must reduce debt as soon as possible .
He was one of those who lost their lives .
But that never mattered that much to me .
The pitcher sat down and was all smiles .
There is not one bad review of this book .
It has dumped every asset into the area .
The community support was incredible .
I find it stimulating and interesting .
The man was with a relative when he fell .
Leach decided to go back inside to help .
It will certainly mark the end of an era .
The injured man is also critically ill .
And that is precisely what we have done .
They will be lucky not to be prosecuted .
Hubble does not offer such a safe haven .
Big advertisers are driving the shift .
These gypsy caravans are the real deal .
His only hope was to hear about it later .
No one is going to pay you just to show up .
I saw such a kinship with the character .
They have a lot going for them honestly .
There has been some recent bright news .
Also if something needs to be returned .
But tweeting an abortion may backfire .
He says one area of reform is a priority .
These accusations may be true or false .
The plate was then screwed to the skull .
We would not call this a mark of success .
Rarely is the aircraft itself to blame .
The private mourning of comrades lost .
Verizon has disputed the allegations .
Fixing this will not happen overnight .
He spent about seven years behind bars .
European markets were narrowly mixed .
We do miss the life and laughter around .
But he cares little for material goods .
The note was as welcome as a lump of coal .
Garnish with the remaining coriander .
But it may have come at a cost to the show .
Count my ballot as already cast for you .
The fourth will take two placebo pills .
The savings are guided by many factors .
Governments have no such grace period .
He has pleaded innocent to the charges .
He is seems like he is smarter than that .
It makes sense to produce flowers here .
It has to be looked at comprehensively .
If you really want to hear a phenom perf .
This is only the start it will get worse .
We cannot afford to put off the evil day .
We actually do need more entertainers .
Suitable for those aged eight and over.
This is another job for the dynamic duo .
Agriculture was hit badly by the storm .
The top four go through automatically .
Leave your nest boxes in place all year .
No date has been set for council action .
The debate is making me a little queasy .
Prince did not have a pass intercepted .
Red lanterns dangled from the ceiling .
Pop music is the wallpaper of our lives .
One young muslim man fears for his life .
These are trying times for our country .
I believe she should have the children .
Democrats believe in civil liberties .
The day of his race speech he said he did .
We are in our third and final field camp .
He does not have the power to intervene .
Better education would be a good start .
The technology has no effect on carbon .
Its prototyping business will remain .
She said she tried birth control pills .
Sack them both and send them to penuary .
Lacey could not be reached for comment .
This rivalry has been going on for ages .
But not all closed funds underperform .
She wanted to vote for lower gas prices .
As that anarchist bumper sticker said .
The echocardiograms did do something .
Some of the wounded were hit by gunfire .
Here is some of the reaction to the news .
At least seven passengers were killed .
He had even been in their wedding party .
The vaccinated mice also lived longer .
The couple are both physiotherapists .
I would be very grateful for any advice .
Both are already out of the tournament .
And fools continue to feed the madness .
Electric power is another big problem .
Not just to get the banks lending again .
She survives him with their three sons .
The measure faced an uncertain future .
Rates on loans larger than that shot up .
It must be hard to know which way to turn .
Hours are spent unpacking after a move .
We must unite under proven leadership .
He did that in the second half last week .
But this was not a day for those in power .
Snyder is free on his own recognizance .
This is a huge and substantial savings .
It did the same on the second touchdown .
China alone needs higher consumption .
Schweitzer would also survive the war .
But the missile was safely dismantled .
People turned and threw stones at them .
The hurdles are both manifold and high .
Players were astounded by the welcome .
He said that the fine was not collected .
Details of what happened were sketchy .
Obama always said what his tax plan was .
Residents have been allowed to return .
Official advice is often frightening .
New data pointed to economic weakness .
So this is what it feels like to go viral .
Teen pregnancy has never been so funny .
We cannot return to the status quo ante .
Fungi live in association with plants .
Let us judge each other as individuals .
This decision is effective forthwith .
The choice will be very clear tomorrow .
Writing on cookery did have a downside .
But he was never investigated further .
The newspaper did not name its sources .
Our customers are smart and very savvy .
He was also hired by a security company .
It was more like boxing than pole vault .
You mistake me for someone on the right .
Voters cannot be sold technicalities .
Not all the changes have been new faces .
We now move on and look to our own future .
This was not the standard winter chill .
Israel says this can change with peace .
Others do it out of a feeling of despair .
Dulaimi has denied any link to the bomb .
He is still recovering from the trauma .
But such a move would be very unpopular .
Evans seems to be following in his wake .
In our case personal contact was vital .
With barely a word said about ideology .
Think about the civil rights movement .
Here we explain the most famous of them .
The country has succumbed to violence .
But the censorship was too much for him .
I didnt get to where i am by being a mooch .
Notice what emotions arise within you .
Please help get the word out about this .
More troublesome was what book to pick .
He is not unknown to the police however .
Years of negotiations have collapsed .
The sports blogsphere seemed unfazed .
All are said to be in a stable condition .
Women are complicit in this fetishism .
Do not engage in overt sexual activity .
She agreed and subsequently improved .
They are used for racing and transport .
A similar story has emerged in banking .
Her treatment was pretty much useless .
This woman is not willing to be ignored .
This fits easily onto your garden hose .
About half think it is staying the same .
He doubted that this was still the case .
Huston was without his regular editor .
None of that money will be distributed .
The measure is a legislative long shot .
Borowski has denied the media reports .
The core problem is with the whole idea .
Participating cumulative preferred .
And the messages from on high are mixed .
All of which means absolutely nothing .
The shows moved for different reasons .
Im so impressed with her this last year .
It is not known whether the dog was a pet .
They live in a cave next to the sheep pen .
It was the day my grandmother exploded .
He was afforded the first opportunity .
That killing is believed to be related .
Congress is more than a little annoyed .
The libretto is witty and interesting .
Nearly a third of the money goes on meat .
This is a scandal and it must be stopped .
You need to be able to look in the mirror .
Does this list contain a billion names .
Solos slip into duets and group dances .
Ryan had countless passes just as good .
What happened behind ours was erosion .
Bradford denies saying any such thing .
All the other candidates want more war .
Continue to put money into retirement .
This year may give the best harvest yet .
A court spokeswoman declined comment .
Their long journey was almost over now .
Your story and your paper is a disgrace .
It will depend on their station in life .
You can always recognize his hand here .
Baseball did almost everything right .
It was full of graphs and bullet points .
These are excellent recommendations .
She says he also shot two younger women .
Bigten teams never play any good teams .
A lot of these youth do not get a hug a day .
The economy will be another challenge .
Only one survivor has been found so far .
But you can give him any amount you want .
Marble took athleticism to a new level .
Stir it in when you add the stock or wine .
They say the wife is the last one to know .
This was a truly nice and classy couple .
The hearing is taking place in private .
Bruno said they seemed to be having fun .
You judge him on how well he does his job .
They considered themselves patriots .
The impact on the offenders was severe .
Roddick nearly let the match slip away .
And that usually means manufacturing .
The standard workout is a goal pace run .
Ghaffur last week declined to comment .
Gatlin wants the first offense erased .
That work was done by two other authors .
The families gathered up their things .
Engineers to help set up and connect it .
They would then be sent to state prison .
Still the game remained in the balance .
He called on the chairmen to be removed .
He looked like a deer in the headlights .
Talk to multiple satisfied consumers .
The evangelist has pleaded not guilty .
So we disbanded and returned in an hour .
However now they want the individuals .
It also capped a bad week for retailers .
All agree on the importance of the seat .
A major way to do this is to get it public .
Things can happen in these conditions .
Supporters brought food and supplies .
Millfield made a great effort with him .
This is an impossible standard to meet .
Carolina rallied in the second period .
We all lose people that meant a lot to us .
Hundreds of people have been detained .
Schulman said both detract from sleep .
Pierson is trying to block those moves .
It all boils down to how you want to play .
This group would do well to follow suit .
That increase bucked a national trend .
She found the woman who gave birth to me .
In order to be cool you have to stay cool .
But he ceased writing serious history .
The geyser was not erupting at the time .
Four times they came away with nothing .
The wider mining sector was unsettled .
Cool has become petulant and superior .
Wang had trouble in the middle innings .
Guzman later won his immigration case .
The general manager is still on the run .
What took them so long to find this woma .
It bends the mind as it breaks the heart .
I have a lot of ranking points to defend .
We can use them when we turn profitable .
Then enjoy dinner around the campfire .
The game is divided into five chapters .
Unemployment stays chronically high .
Strong knees and a strong back help too .
The price of steel is incentive enough .
The channel yanked the show off the air .
He remains free pending a final appeal .
A disaster if you expect art and crafts .
Toyota is wedded to the hybrid concept .
It did not indicate the margin of error .
The gnome still has a devoted audience .
We can freely follow our own interests .
But the midfielder had turned his back .
The plant has a barge loading facility .
The performers are that ingratiating .
They want to give as little as possible .
Vale could not immediately be reached .
Busch knows he has a battle on his hands .
We are the ones we have been waiting for .
His condition is described as serious .
Your subscription has been submitted .
None of them were better off elsewhere .
Simmons comes from a newspaper family .
Police would not give further details .
Kana is highly critical of that policy .
I am very disappointed with the result .
Here is a man of courage and conviction .
They were verging on being shabby chic .
A church has moved into former brothel .
Anthony will be tried later this month .
He was also airlifted off the mountain .
And the audience appreciated this too .
Foreign firms see untapped potential .
This is really what promotes speeding .
The explosion knocked me to the ground .
Some were more successful than others .
He tried to hawk some of his properties .
But the impact of the decision is clear .
But it braced for an eventual conflict .
Smoking is permitted on outside decks .
Blanchett is nothing short of amazing .
You can see where they walk in together .
Spectators are kept at a safe distance .
A paperback edition is also available .
There were reports of someone trapped .
Hedge fund managers have bought moors .
But his findings were kept under wraps .
But nothing would surprise me any more .
Washington will be hoping that is true .
Listen to the sound of the nightingale .
Hamas said four of its men were wounded .
We had placed six personnel in the area .
So this year will be hard and dangerous .
Sound like a plan for destruction to me .
His back bench roared approval anyway .
The traffic flowed in both directions .
We search for these things all the time .
This is no mere national eccentricity .
But here is where the similarities end .
The presidency is extremely powerful .
The trust is in an unenviable position .
The way it is run and decisions are made .
Here is the model encased in white lace .
Sometimes you have to know when to quit .
It has been a year now and no jobs hiring .
No test of observance or belief was set .
She was stunned by its pharyngeal jaws .
Tehran denies having hostile designs .
And herein lies the reason for concern .
Two legs and a left arm were found later .
Foreigners were generally unwelcome .
His fate would be decided within weeks .
None are believed to remain in the wild .
It is best to keep as active as possible .
And then there was the source material .
I know that truth hurts and its not easy .
Notice where the person moves her eyes .
I felt an unexpected wave of nostalgia .
They have used similar tactics before .
The list of policy initiatives is long .
Then she posed for a photo with this man .
But the enchantment is not contagious .
That may not produce a happier society .
Whether or not it actually gets closed .
The giant head coming out of the closet .
It caught fire when she sat down to play .
Neither of them have health insurance .
That creates a funny picture in my head .
Nor is it about domestic intelligence .
Their autonomy has greatly increased .
Moving on to one more red carpet nugget .
At least two of his ribs were fractured .
Their mother had used fertility drugs .
Obama was faring better on most fronts .
Anyone can find an excuse for cheating .
So he leaped at the idea of transfer too .
She had been strangled with a ligature .
Seeing it up close does not change that .
We were not short of ammunition or arms .
They were not alone in feeling let down .
The nervous man was not a familiar face .
Construction companies seem to agree .
My main weaknesses are belts and shoes .
The two agreed as much as they differed .
There are three new community centers .
He has been with me ever since his death .
Check back frequently for new stories .
And of course your kids were delighted .
And maybe that was enough for both of us .
Lasse has helped in that regard as well .
It was sickening how fast we were going .
Putting the mad dogs of man to the sword .
So it was a matter of preventing injury .
The news media showed little interest .
I think people expect you to be that way .
He knew it was over long before it ended .
He was a brilliant social commentator .
I would have to disagree with you there .
Celtic have a familiar look about them .
Others leave with rattles and scarves .
Coming unraveled was the kiss of death .
They appeared in court via a video link .
It is a good model for future inquiries .
Others were swept away by floodwaters .
The brands still trade independently .
Other aid workers are not so confident .
The job creation issue is complicated .
The writer is a management consultant .
The situations are a little different .
Pullout all the stops early in the game .
There was a determination to play well .
She introduced herself with a warning .
How fireworks make those crazy shapes .
My lodgers were already looking bored .
Not only in politics but in journalism .
Uribe certainly needed an image boost .
Some early programmers soon went bust .
But this is probably wishful thinking .
Polite but unsure laughter on that one .
Jesse has issues with things that ring .
Dog teams were being used in the search .
I can well understand your heartbreak .
The programme looks quite affordable .
That is expected to be a mere formality .
The projects will need state approval .
Both make big movies for big companies .
These are strange and dark days indeed .
She denied having sex with the premier .
There is no guarentee that he would win .
And not once did it ever shimmy or shake .
I hope this issue will soon be resolved .
I have never forgotten the horror of it .
Portable fans help keep the place cool .
Then things instantly turned strange .
He has cooperated with investigators .
But there is also a wider social aspect .
Talk about your magical mystery tours .
He held the title of artistic director .
Let her go toot her horn somewhere else .
It would not release specific figures .
A few small shops and a car were damaged .
But even worse scenarios are possible .
The owner of the dog was cited by police .
I really think this is all a bit too much .
It may be time to shop for a credit union .
She said she told him to stop both times .
The boy has also been trained with a gun .
Israel has not said what the target was .
The meat market has tripe and pigs feet .
They must be looking on with envy today .
A few fainted and had to be carried away .
Everythings back to business as usual .
Such thinking has broad consequences .
The ward was evacuated for a short time .
On the minibus home he was winding me up .
Not every detail can be substantiated .
I put two in the front and two in the back .
He could be banned from the profession .
Both jurors declined to be identified .
But now the wrap has become ubiquitous .
Uribe singled leading off the seventh .
Details of the strikes remain unclear .
And jobs are indeed what they want here .
Nine suspected pirates were captured .
He tended bar and became a firefighter .
Both teams were sluggish offensively .
Kibow is not a pharmaceutical company .
But does this not just break your heart .
Or about financial regulatory reform .
Many fans have been left disappointed .
He will not make the same mistake again .
Five others were injured in the attack .
Inventories also remained on the rise .
The raid was discovered by a caretaker .
He abandoned a second appeal this week .
Two women have been secretary of state .
It is very unclear how this will happen .
You have nothing to lose but a few stone .
The helicopter was secured to the roof .
Tomorrow will tell if it was premature .
These activists are at the wrong house .
He said guards then set the body on fire .
People get very sick with seasonal flu .
Volunteers provided bedding and food .
Discover the hidden home dangers here .
But he and his side did this the hard way .
She explained the project to euronews .
He revealed his editor identity to her .
The truck is badly damaged by the blast .
Then there was nowhere left to shelter .
The chickens will soon be home to roost .
But yesterday was about common ground .
The kids played up something dreadful .
Narcotics are not scary in moderation .
I wanted my players to hear me saying so .
Authorities also seized his computer .
There are four basic tribes in this war .
We will never see the likes of him again .
Both types of home have their delights .
It goes on the table and we all pick at it .
His organization sets a high standard .
Feel the respiration happening there .
He said an extension was not discussed .
He could have remained silent on it too .
He ignored a player who told him to wait .
He paused opposite a northern soldier .
The audience response was thunderous .
Students complained of mistreatment .
Loosely worn animal fur is more likely .
A female elephant seal rests in the sun .
If you dont like it the answer is simple .
I hope they find the person who did this .
Solar panels heated water for showers .
Why is this such an outlandish thought .
He said he was too weak and had to give up .
He is clearly delighted to be back home .
Product availability varies by state .
The other motorist was also uninjured .
This will be if anything entertaining .
But she is used to sticking her neck out .
To an outsider all appears busy enough .
There are a few bright spots in outlook .
I was very surprised to be offered a job .
I could only see directly in front of me .
There were no initial reports of panic .
But instead it created much confusion .
In the evening we had a million dollars .
We see this as unlikely for two reasons .
Her protest is not the first of its kind .
Breuer did say the men lived in the area .
He had looked forward to this election .
But its populist strain is struggling .
The voters should have listened to him .
High speed rail can also absorb growth .
It is a lethal terrorist organisation .
It helped me adjust to when she had none .
Police said those injuries were minor .
Analysts had been expecting a decline .
Glad to know someone likes me both ways .
The division race is all but a dead heat .
Imitation and resentment go together .
Tomislav was the only artist to do this .
She is the leader of the majority party .
Capello knows what to do better than me .
It was all based on what sounded better .
Mathaeussen motions for me to go get it .
Energy development could change this .
At the third were only a few stray rolls .
And millionaires have nothing to fear .
But there are other sources of tension .
At least through next football season .
Let others rush to their destinations .
Of course they are guilty of war crimes .
Streetlights have long ceased to work .
Actual speeds vary by site conditions.
They are much quieter and comfortable .
I like a good night out at a show or good p .
Has a debut album due out in the new year .
For the first time that day we felt good .
The louder the opposition will become .
Big defense companies would take a hit .
That word is as important as the author .
The dollar rose in tandem with markets .
Plenty of candidates want her to visit .
Both deny murder and attempted murder .
Yar dabestani man means my schoolmate .
It follows that the cure is more growth .
Two minutes later came another report .
The youth ran away and the car drove off .
But it insists the tests are important .
Sometimes this morphs into an embrace .
This decision is effective forthwith .
It was the truth but not the whole truth .
Give her a chance to carry on without it .
There is no fear and this not about race .
These all combined to make a new strain .
Modernity is a relative newcomer here .
Redemption takes a lot more than money .
Winemakers battle endlessly with air .
I am not sure that this is entirely fair .
I like to think security is a lot of gray .
The lungs were not implanted in humans .
A judge ordered the passport returned .
They wanted to get high and watch porno .
They always were an exceptional bunch .
But none of this will solve the problem .
But that was not the end of his troubles .
But his diplomatic career has lived on .
I was actually quite fond of the old boy .
Iberia also quite strong this morning .
Bolt has plenty of reason to celebrate .
It was not clear why he changed his mind .
I would be interested in your feedback .
That is so true that cheaters never win .
The trial is expected to span two weeks .
The woman told her she was just a friend .
We have full authority of the aircraft .
Globalism is not yet a dead man walking .
But it is still a community under siege .
A list with websites and phone numbers .
Wild cast of characters highlight the .
Exports and imports will both rebound .
Here is an opportunity to walk the walk .
The study highlighted something else .
He was drunk and abused the train guard .
Quadrangle will keep that assignment .
Arsenal were ground down and defeated .
Lay the apples and blackberries on top .
The boyfriend sounds like a winner too .
Cruise itineraries keep changing too .
They both believe in the big lie theory .
The speech was short and not very sweet .
The media do not always feel so welcome .
There is a certain swing door feel to it .
Police did not identify any of the dead .
The church wants to remain apolitical .
An army spokesman declined to comment .
Several rockets have exploded nearby .
That sounds like an outrageous markup .
I wish everybody would think like that .
A spokesman there declined to comment .
That was brought home again yesterday .
Details of the proposal were not known .
Some now say that could come far sooner .
With a licence it would need enforcing .
He said he felt in total control all day .
Look at it from a business perspective .
Gore was in his element to say the least .
The big question may be compatibility .
Publishing has become quite reactive .
You can also leave a comment if you wish .
They are literally surrounded by fans .
See a special package on the space race .
We too should learn to be more sanguine .
High exposure levels may cause cancer .
They further exclusion and isolation .
It required surgery on a meniscus tear .
Investors embraced the proposed deal .
The weather was expected to cooperate .
So he darts his piercing eyes toward me .
The time change occurred this morning .
Just senseless killing and no one wins .
Lumumba had always denied wrongdoing .
Chances are it will be a bit of all three .
That challenge was defeated this year .
Syria is widely blamed for the killing .
He makes us not nervous when we perform .
But there was never a pledge or promise .
Their fears have been amply justified .
Companies rarely cut their dividends .
Sherman chipped in with nine rebounds .
And how eventually her uncle came back .
But no fire seems to reside in his belly .
They will also be able to ask questions .
Stewart was content with second place .
American country over the same period .
It has not saved the life of a single fox .
But there was no way he was losing again .
But he is visibly excited by the result .
This sexist argument is all wrong here .
But coal has its opponents in the state .
Russia reportedly denied the request .
Alton believes this should be changed .
Food of all kinds he loved and lavished .
A great deal will depend on who is right .
You should take a hard look at your bias .
It said that he had been shot and killed .
That led to a surge in suicide bombings .
Mum and dad will probably come over too .
No bodies have been discovered either .
We find little support for that figure .
We just watched that episode actually .
I think it was more the other way around .
He did not say how much he had requested .
Democracy has now come back to bite him .
One of the wounded was a police officer .
Drain and squeeze out any excess water .
This was reduced by one month on appeal .
We can get stuck on the events of one day .
Police say he also may have lost a thumb .
Morales was charged with all five runs .
There is no saying how long it will last .
There are no words that can describe it .
Both men were reprimanded and demoted .
None was thought to have been on the bus .
The poor have long since been expelled .
Iran has never done anything like this .
You already know the reason you failed .
Wachovia has yet to name a replacement .
Welfare fraud should not be tolerated .
No one has been charged in the stabbing .
That would be a pleasant change indeed .
But now it seems to be making a comeback .
Two years ago he was stabbed in the neck .
His job provides her health insurance .
Neither supposition is quite correct .
Thank you for your wonderful pictures .
They are almost permanently together .
But its board is intent on moving ahead .
This is no way to run a financial market .
Complain promptly if a problem arises .
His handlers planned a media briefing .
It will infect several million people .
I will spend about the same as last year .
But he said public anger has now abated .
The owners of the house found him there .
Some of these details are fascinating .
Negotiations will continue next week .
His call would travel only three miles .
Half an hour later all the eggs had gone .
He says that it will have global extent .
Last week should have been triumphant .
The tug of pudding runs strong and deep .
But he appeared to be thinking clearly .
Authorities stopped short of the army .
Ebook readers are strating to catch on .
Gilbert said in a telephone interview .
Check back during the week for updates .
Such things should never happen again .
All four articles passed unanimously .
Smith was first and foremost a teacher .
Two bystanders also were fatally shot .
I think you can do that without yelling .
Semin has a goal in four straight games .
Recent polls show all of them trailing .
Plastic bags filled with plastic bags .
There are some signs that this can work .
Other sources have said he has escaped .
While working at a large national dept.
I was sentenced to four years in prison .
Often they are a reaction to irritants .
Brave new ideas were nowhere to be seen .
One soldier was injured in the clashes .
Access to easy money can feed delusion .
He got the worst of the most recent ones .
No monetary amount was ever discussed .
The terrorists with walkers and canes .
The final round is scheduled to follow .
I see no reason for the trend to reverse .
No need to join or oppose the grumblers .
This is a wonderfully overblown novel .
You dislike stuffiness and pomposity .
Safety continues to be a major concern .
I was speechless for a few long minutes .
My grandchildren asked me to join them .
No motive has been given for the deaths .
That changed the complexion of the tie .
She says their connection was instant .
Iran says its nuclear work is peaceful .
I suppose it gets easier with practice .
The wife of a childhood friend got a job .
All of that makes for a pretty full book .
Philippson did not let the matter drop .
There are smart people and dumb people .
They believe in heresy and subversion .
Those words deserve careful scrutiny .
And forget about the conference title .
It is all a question of how you define it .
I was nine when the books first came out .
They feel they have the ability to do it .
At least not in local government terms .
Governments are getting behind it too .
But the ordinary person can do nothing .
That might speed up action a little bit .
A clear first choice in almost any year .
I had the pleasure of being there and si .
It is a recipe for repenting at leisure .
Special teams still are his specialty .
It has the makings of a thrilling fight .
It was turning into something special .
She declined to offer further details .
The blaze was contained within an hour .
This one went down to the final seconds .
Calzaghe lands with big left haymaker .
You might be able to put something back .
Maybe some hedge funds think like this .
They were made by the current governor .
We discriminate against young people .
But this statement is not totally true .
I thought the request was made in error .
The yearly missive appeared last week .
Dozens of students have been arrested .
You prefer forehand over a backhand or .
The steps also helped the cells mature .
His family will have suffered with him .
A few sections were sold to collectors .
Playtex could not reached for comment .
The green roof can offer many benefits .
A lazy azzzed boring skkkkank in a mink .
The two men have been close confidants .
It is a recurring campaign theme of his .
I grabbed the bank and pulled myself up .
But a foreign policy error can be fatal .
Fill your mouth with shit and spit at me .
I must agree with my fellow countryman .
These people are beginning to scare me .
But there was a lot more to her than that .
This is a business that moves on credit .
Mays said he would not change his style .
This is supposed to be the rainy season .
But my topping was too fine and crumbly .
Perceptions matter in another way too .
These experiences may differ for each .
They were both immensely comfortable .
The fish is also associated with power .
This surely is currency manipulation .
Also make sure you find a legit company .
To accede to them would be a grave error .
Her parents split up when she was young .
Her current medium is acrylic on flesh .
Interest rates on savings are pitiful .
It can be transmitted to other animals .
Most summer travel is being put on hold .
She has both eyes on one side of her head .
This could be a potential problem area .
Their inept reticence is astonishing .
This plastic lobster is the conductor .
For a while false sorrow is squandered .
Not too shabby for a plate of spaghetti .
There is merit in having two questions .
Loving girl is looking for a boy to love .
He began dreaming about food and water .
You visualise things such as holidays .
I find his turn of phrase so incredible .
The couple had five children together .
The sky was studded with twinkly stars .
Yet it is not going to happen overnight .
Home prices in some regions have risen .
There is family honour in such matters .
The civil rights movement was nascent .
But now he is sounding a different note .
We are the ones who will see the results .
I lay my back against an alcove of rocks .
The court decision cannot be appealed .
A zebra was trotting down her driveway .
The teenager was taken to family court .
This is just another was to exploit her .
I often watch this serenity and envy it .
It really came together quite quickly .
People have a good feel of what it means .
Most people lost all their belongings .
The damage they cause is considerable .
The fact is the money is from taxpayers .
The canals are lined with animal waste .
The booing was treated almost as a joke .
And he did not do it by breaking tackles .
No opera role will get the better of her .
People pinned their hopes on a miracle .
Maybe that is a debate for another time .
It is a real privilege to have known him .
All four are being assessed by doctors .
The president will get a business suit .
They were also far too close to the wall .
We are on the move in all the directions .
But this kid should make early strides .
This was deeply threatening to pilots .
I was to be the gunner in the first truck .
Boat mooring is one of my weaker skills .
We are not there to pacify between them .
Frank would probably offer to be first .
Jason admits to being an intense coach .
The rest would come from new borrowing .
Money has a way of finding opportunity .
Unhappy players tend to underperform .
The march continued without incident .
They can impose fines on the companies .
The reaction was immediate and heated .
The little girl who marries the prince .
I have no problem with other religions .
His confidence has evidence to back it .
Fashion would surely be a duller place .
Life insurance may not offer much help .
Ndwandwe allows herself only the peel .
Let your actions speak for themselves .
Click here to see the conference video .
They are programmed to go where you ask .
My parents decided it was time to leave .
There are two classes of broadcasters .
It was the second such attack of the day .
I have thoroughly enjoyed my time here .
It also fit tidily in the bowl of a spoon .
The panel said both methods have a role .
The rising oil price has made us poorer .
Croswell did not report any conflicts .
She lives in the flat in the manor house .
Turn on the shower and flush the toilet .
But there were other worrisome trends .
There is no excuse for this kind of crap .
His parents were rendered speechless .
One unfair process balances the other .
He was sent down following that outing .
Yet exactly the opposite has happened .
Many people are still dependent on aid .
Some advertisers raided the classics .
Its green tongue hangs out of its mouth .
The second is the collapse of the pound .
Everything else is focused on the food .
But each time they found no sign of life .
Police want to trace several suspects .
The two sides have traded accusations .
And every market trader knows that too .
His efforts have exacted a heavy price .
Todd finally returned a few days later .
Neither of us has any relatives around .
Three bodies trapped in a crushed taxi .
It has banned most political activity .
He is too good to dismiss just like that .
The containers are thought to be empty .
One financier came up to me afterwards .
He is succeeded by his son and daughter .
Football players work like a computer .
We are not under pressure on that front .
She called the experience terrifying .
Maybe one day we will get back together .
So let me make another recommendation .
It took him a while to grow into his body .
The odds are still stacked against her .
Sometimes it all just becomes too much .
How much harder for banks to do the same .
That approach is engaging up to a point .
He weights his polls according to that .
And these are far from the best of times .
Salary commensurate with experience.
When everything in the city contracts .
Neal oozes the obliviousness of youth .
His son and grandson were also wounded .
It was a meeting of hope and experience .
I have tomatoes that can pass that test .
The children had been playing outside .
He comes across as authentic and funny .
By early morning the house was flooded .
The stench guides us the rest of the way .
We are looking forward to your updates .
A fire soon ripped through their cabin .
She recently broke up with a boyfriend .
This year was supposed to be different .
Skolnick covers health care services .
As many civilians as fighters had died .
But opposition leaders are sceptical .
It also marked his first ever audition .
Obama will not be joining him this time .
The officials have pleaded not guilty .
He was subsequently taken to hospital .
A school spokesman refused to comment .
It is their third day of deliberations .
Some foreign reporters were arrested .
The national gap essentially remains .
I wish they could calm down a bit myself .
The group secured new representation .
More layoffs were announced this week .
Later he had a job involving data entry .
Three tour firms have stopped flights .
Chrysler spreads the pain with move to .
We have a different political mix here .
The cook becomes virtually redundant .
Now all you have to do is choose the ring .
Ideological purity is in short supply .
The husband hanged himself from a beam .
The event is free and open to the public .
What it needs above all is a little love .
And then there is the question of money .
Some former residents are celebrated .
Thank you for a much needed smile today .
Travel must be on a paid published fare .
There are several current grievances .
It was his second home run of the season .
Explain why this would not be so simple .
And these days everyone deals in cards .
He would also create a dangerous enemy .
But sometimes a fantasy is all you need .
But the drama has been felt everywhere .
He did not deny that job cuts are coming .
It reflects the luxury of perspective .
This is outrageous and illegal at best .
I have been watching this case closely .
Or they can just use keyboard controls .
Glamour decided it was time to find out .
Similar inaction now is unacceptable .
There was widespread rail disruption .
I would have a division of oil revenues .
Stay tuned for further announcements .
But private aircraft owners revolted .
Drug money helps to finance campaigns .
In most cases it is an unnecessary evil .
We are devastated by what has happened .
Talk about not knowing your situation .
It turned out to be the metal in my boots .
He said it would be the basis for appeal .
Bier wrote several scientific papers .
The teams failed to score in extra time .
The tablet has not yet been deciphered .
Better to pause until the smoke clears .
On the order of being hit by lightening .
I have read parts of the elections laws .
They make the report more interesting .
Either one would be bad for the economy .
He took a circuitous route to get there .
The appeals process could take months .
Dumont provided a deeper explanation .
Certainly there is some risk involved .
This boy kept an unauthorized journal .
That leaves him in a wretched position .
Cut the funding and see how they listen .
This is his first run for public office .
Social trends have also impacted on us .
The judge struggled to maintain order .
News crews lobbed softball questions .
This one deals with what is going on now .
I agree entirely with your sentiments .
The full text of the letter is attached .
Get up off the couch and go do something .
His eyes twinkle as he gives the speech .
Cambodian wedding held for two snakes .
But this point is impossible to define .
So the interest will be paid on the debt .
Perhaps she can be elected dog catcher .
But some of the other judges disagreed .
A pensioner had to be treated for shock .
It was an offer he found easy to decline .
Instead foreigners come to do our jobs .
Gold has not gained against the dollar .
It does not factor in the cost of living .
It was not the happiest of homecomings .
I think what they did is reprehensible .
He placed it beneath his combat armour .
She is survived by her husband and a son .
Both have steadfastly refused to do so .
I do not want to appear arrogant or rude .
This was also due to a software problem .
He has always loved party conferences .
Wool jackets had scars of frayed seams .
Number of victories by way of knockout .
Question them every breathing moment .
Mechanical computers are nothing new .
It belongs to realms that are beyond us .
Seoul now plans to make them habitable .
But a modern camera should compensate .
Riots break out as food becomes scarce .
It was her creation and bless her heart .
No bilateral meeting has been planned .
The company is hoping for an exemption .
But the selection is rather strategic .
The improvements come with a price tag .
Plus it would be a soul destroying task .
And how it meant so much coming from her .
We are not on the top shelf or the second .
Laurence is further down the carriage .
They are trying to brainwash everyone .
The party really treated him terribly .
And there are two other important cogs .
Before that we had only an oral culture .
But our democracy needs more than hope .
Hamilton aspires to be world champion .
Airport taxes and fees are not covered .
She had to lie to cover up that cheating .
None of these men want to go back to jail .
The second fallacy is more pernicious .
Tenants soon outnumbered homeowners .
Medical malpractice needs reforming .
Events build in tension and then break .
The prisoners remain orderly and calm .
But they are prominent in their fields .
Even oil companies claimed to be green .
That is what he plans on doing this year .
I knew he was going there and that was it .
He also apologized for making the call .
We do that and we are no better than them.
The denialists have a large forum here .
Though it was no worse a debate for that .
The couple divorced a short time later .
Lorenzo died of aspiration pneumonia .
Ishikawa gave a polite nod in response .
Then the specialists began to descend .
Which is a useful quality for an artist .
But the real story is more complicated .
It has also managed inventory tightly .
It is time to abolsh busness from drugs .
On present form it is well within range .
Congress likely will not alter the law .
Olmert says he will resign if indicted .
Sometimes the sentiment is more vague .
The party needs more women candidates .
He is not accused of giving any secrets .
He suffered from other complications .
Kobe can keep going towards the basket .
Housing could still bring new worries .
Each week we share our budget analysis .
And the city is an inferno in the summer .
The museum would not allow us to film it .
The other option was transplantation .
Always try to negotiate a better price .
The decade that followed was eclectic .
He will remain as an advisory director .
It was not a night for delicate flowers .
Kinney said she had never met the mayor .
He is showing the quality we know he has .
Then the sperm is injected into the egg .
The work was done by the prime minister .
But he said he never got his settlement .
It came with lentils stewed in red wine .
That deadline has since been extended .
An announcement is likely this autumn .
It also has links to other calculators .
A final decision will be made next year .
It seems more like desperate measures .
No one seems to be doing much about that .
Milwaukee has lost its first two games .
He is not alone in resisting this trend .
Get him a divorce and get married to him .
Don sighed behind his cigarette smoke .
There was no budgetary appropriation .
Neither brought up with whom he played .
No playoff disappointment to revisit .
Of course protests are highly charged .
Police say they found clothing inside .
The pictures turned out not to be of her .
He showed lots of early rust on his game .
Parliament could still change the law .
It is always tempting to wonder what if .
I would apologize to this prick either .
I want to thank you so much for coming in .
Whether it worked was beside the point .
Not all gay activists were enthralled .
None will be provided in public hotels .
Obama hanging around with a turkorist .
And the less that should be riding on it .
He will remain defensive coordinator .
One family had suitcases and children .
You are terrible at your job and at life .
The serious case review is continuing .
Keys followed with three nominations .
On these there was a deafening silence .
But they would go about it differently .
Authorities were looking for the rest .
The terms of the agreement are complex .
Ireland is certainly not an exception .
This dynamism shows no signs of waning .
She looks like a fish with her fake lips .
The age of irresponsibility has ended .
All its overseas staff are volunteers .
An autopsy shows her fetus was removed .
We have come to the limits of the planet .
It knows how to come through adversity .
But unfortunately that is not the case .
These lawyers and judges work too hard .
The fire had destroyed much of the camp .
To better my skills for employability .
But he should try not to make them worse .
He is among those who die in the burning .
Salary commensurate with experience.
The company declined further comment .
There is public transport but not a lot .
At press conferences he is easy to hear .
I read to my mom every night on the phone .
You are not meant to simply endure life .
There is a light at the end of the tunnel .
Sentencing was adjourned for reports .
His plan is to improve on that this week .
We vacuumed and dusted the whole house .
You have to wonder what he was thinking .
Banking was one of the brightest spots .
In fact the opposite appears to be true .
Bonnie steadied herself on the ladder .
Four times they have played each other .
Binaural beats create a beating sound .
Bohon also prefers walking to running .
A softening yen was a help to exporters .
But he warned lawmakers not to bog down .
But the driver was just driving the car .
I think every manager decides the line .
He suffered a gash to the top of his head .
Nobel laureates are our new cardinals .
Escalante tossed out the lesson plans .
It is more than just translating words .
He will also be electronically tagged .
There are likely to be more casualties .
Actual results may differ materially .
Modelling is a collaborative process .
So that leaves a currency revaluation .
Everyday is being used correctly here .
Probably because most of them share it .
The search for seriousness has limits .
Recriminations appeared in the press .
A corrected story will be sent shortly .
But we had a disaster with a later batch .
Some of their efforts may be paying off .
He never produced a birth certificate .
Waldrep has retired from the military .
Stir in cocoa and sugar until combined .
But the political damage has been done .
The costs of phones started to decline .
Patriots in good shape for a touchdown .
A charred motorbike was parked nearby .
That is what the last election decided .
So much for its promotion of plurality .
Only one team may choose to remember it .
The bars were distributed nationally .
It was bought at auction some years ago .
The four children were in the back seat .
I am sure he and the club will sort it out .
No wonder it attracts the types it does .
A leading edge picks up another single .
But little is known of his private life .
Mass production began two years later .
One good deed is repaid many times over.
Small errors have large consequences .
His list contains a wide range of funds .
Make sure that your car is in good shape .
No candidate was ever threatened here .
It is unclear how it came to be recorded .
This brings me back to celebrity chefs .
Hillary would have been a great choice .
Now they have finally admitted defeat .
Of course boys and girls are different .
It gets in the dirt where children play .
They will appear in the next two months .
Find your calling and change the world .
Syria has denied developing a reactor .
The only problem has been the football .
He had been due to stand trial this week .
Her torch is a symbol of enlightenment .
This is where consumers get ripped off .
Be thankful for the ones that survived .
It did not say how much it would sell for .
Her husband stood silently by her side .
I sincerely doubt that will be the case .
They are talking about interrogation .
But that could easily prove explosive .
I know that they pose no serious threat .
Early detection could help save lives .
He has won twice more on tour since then .
A number of other retailers who agreed .
The projection system had broken down .
They had brought another couple along .
Number of internal people vying for it .
Think of it as the math of the aftermath .
Two things leap out of these documents .
Her language was unusually categoric .
The marching band is a different story .
That you would find it funny says it all .
Female engineers have it pretty rough .
His right arm is weaker than it once was .
He gave himself to anyone and everyone .
Keep foods in moderation and balanced .
The family is now in temporary housing .
The fog protection is the latest twist .
My strong belief is that he should stay .
We are not interested in who is to blame .
It could also be one of the most violent .
Yet these efforts were not sufficient .
He was a visionary and in so many fields .
Those guys have incredible longevity .
She does not know where her daughter is .
Salazar simply reversed the decision .
Ministers are unwise now to propose it .
It is clear the internet is here to stay.
Two men have been bailed over her death .
They did not send the invitation cards .
Now those dreams are over for both of us .
He wakes up a hundred people in a minute .
It burns those who try to extinguish it .
The reason strikes me as fairly simple .
I had thought that was my little secret .
And the opinion is pretty much uniform .
Most of the money will run out this year .
Just stood there with his arms crossed .
The aluminum tin crinkled upon impact .
The insurance industry knows all this .
The momentum seems to have slowed a bit .
Men go in thy closet and cry if ye need to .
Coalition politics may be inevitable .
It was very emotional moment to see her .
The doctors had now done all they could .
Brutal sounds of wood on bone are heard .
The law allows for a transition period .
That person did not return a phone call .
School leaders offered few specifics .
Jesus preached the unvarnished truth .
We have good conversations about that .
We all need to be there for our children .
Each sponge is good for up to eight uses.
Nine got the job without being elected .
He was placed on three years probation .
The designer helped invent cheap chic .
He was immediately taken into custody .
He said he was arrested multiple times .
Dont need to be a genius to work this out .
John started gardening at an early age .
Her cautious assessment is not unique .
Wilder set a new deadline of yesterday .
No children were on the road at the time .
He has not been seen or heard from since .
Williams was overjoyed after the race .
It is a neighborhood for goodness sake .
Where top players could be headed this .
These videos were wrong on every level .
The bus driver is among the casualties .
The details of the plan are irrelevant .
Nothing short of a full apology will do .
The cause of the shooting was not clear .
Klar has never repented for his crimes .
That should be the only question asked .
A fact of life that many have forgotten.
My youngest daughter looks like me too .
Whisk in the butter and season to taste .
But he seemed open to it in recent weeks .
Timeform continue to seek new markets .
The older man shuffled toward the desk .
They had been through so much together .
Forensic tests were being carried out .
Hess said the two are not inconsistent .
I checked the weather three nights ago .
I think of it purely as a disaster hedge .
They were all dressed in dark clothing .
Its problems are potentially serious .
Police patrol cars circled the school .
Syria did not comment on that incident .
Eaton was reduced to having to qualify .
Voters have good reason to disapprove .
The subprime crisis hit early and hard .
A nurse stays with him around the clock .
It is not known how much money was taken .
The camera has its fair share of issues .
The event has been scheduled for weeks .
That it is a good cause is indisputable .
Allow to cool slightly before serving .
Couple of cute kids in the pricey boxes .
You may find your babies waiting there .
Then he handed over a black credit card .
Seizures and blindness may also occur .
This seems to me to be really important .
Treatments are expensive but worth it .
Rohan said the position was different .
It is a future which is still uncertain .
She said the other three were released .
These houses are part of our landscape .
Books have stood the test of centuries .
Attainment levels might even improve .
Nearby a few men are mending their nets .
Likely true of the war on prostitution .
Three other people were also arrested .
To think all those people died so close .
Arabs brought in were to be brought out .
Hu read feverishly deep into the night .
There will be overnight lane closures .
He did not know the origin of the cancer .
Which raises an interesting question .
Congress should swiftly approve them .
Some are in despair about their leader .
They are all subjects of hot calendars .
They manage to do what they set out to do .
And there is a precedent for such a move .
This was a very important match for him .
He and other locals call them dreamers .
He almost bumped the person behind him .
Most of the home is open to the elements .
We ended up sleeping on the side of road .
It is all in the hands of the golfers now .
This is starting to get just a bit silly .
It is to them that this post is directed .
It missed the top position by a whisker .
His dribbling should be spot on though .
But two of them gave details of the deal .
I never had an opportunity to eat there .
Charlotte is accommodating this plan .
This man could have killed the victims .
The people of this country are to blame .
Some of that comes from the leadership .
He refused to give his name or position .
I know there will be many people like me .
Some part of you still needs integrity .
I wrestled with it again just this week .
A normally vibrant city feels stifled .
I promise to show a profit next quarter .
Most mourners try to ignore the taunts .
She was the woman he might have married .
Their finances are always precarious .
The deal is expected to close this fall .
Neither victim was seriously injured .
He had been contemplating retirement .
A state of emergency has been declared .
Lanier said one of the two had a handgun .
The parking lot is at the end of the road .
Willing them away will change nothing .
The wife and brother will also testify .
His initial efforts seemed promising .
That reduces shopping time and stress .
But it is now entering a crucial period .
An investigation is getting under way .
Police have said they doubt that story .
All data are the most recent available .
He liked things rigid and predictable .
We may have to live with some ambiguity .
British politics is back to square one .
We got off at a stop and found a pay phone .
The pilot was marched off the aircraft .
I hope it is one that we all take to heart .
The other parties made clear they will .
She is a true criminal and walking free .
Reporters had not been allowed inside .
The gunman at the megachurch also died .
He was unanimously sentenced to death .
But pension commitments last forever .
Plus a bottle of whisky in the evenings .
The account came out in fits and starts .
There were many fewer paople back then .
At least four people were killed there .
He had to seek his own psychiatric help .
There has been little sign of progress .
Such ignorance on the comments indeed .
They need to give them a safety mission .
So we have shown as a country we can do it .
Piracy is no different from terrorism .
They provided the ultimate safety net .
This election will be extremely close .
What is and what isnt criminal is a ques .
It is not clear where the leg will be cut .
Bowen immediately put down his weapon .
He pleaded not guilty and awaits trial .
Police were investigating the motive .
They also failed to win a downhill race .
But higher mortgage rates are a threat .
Nearly all households have a radio set .
It was closer to the ground previously .
Haynes was designated for assignment .
It works to clean any decking material .
Household incomes also remained flat .
The government has denied the charges .
Started to have a relationship with it .
A vote to debate is not yet a vote to pass .
But we are calling that sharp reflexes .
And that is the core of the problem here .
Three things immediately come to mind .
He takes chances for others to benefit .
Wakefield made by far the better start .
You write with such ease and sincerity .
Completely irresponsible reporting .
But it is one nearer nirvana than three .
These folks are doing something right .
But the north in general is very secure .
Other images come unbidden to the mind .
She said that all the baby needs is love .
We have thick files on each individual .
The tenth was bordering on the comical .
Great idea to have your friend join you .
Afghanistan is where this all started .
The second is the proliferation of art .
They were like his regular lunch crowd .
Evdokimova is survived by her husband .
I thought it would be a growth industry .
Call it the rise of financial populism .
Yet some studies are already under way .
They saw drafts of political articles .
Now get back to work and humble thyself .
Now we involve religion in everything .
At least six people are known to be dead .
But that deal was not completed either .
She invited her mother to come with her .
The bottom line has been good recently .
Things are slowly beginning to change .
I was on a high anyway because we had won .
I love the raids and the more the better .
All four people were taken to hospital .
He would go out of his way to help people .
Five other felony counts were dropped .
And we want to get some same sex couples .
These were on her spine and inoperable .
All but one of the victims was students .
You can also dig into the data yourself .
The main thing is looking at ourselves .
Our love goes out to you and your family .
Government goes to hell in a pan basket .
Briatore is being made to eat his words .
It is very difficult to see that change .
It is the most rugged firearm ever made .
It is a mighty claim for a little fellow .
It has several additional components .
Sounds like a religious movement to me .
Capello does not share his indulgence .
Check back on this breaking news story .
Switch off lights as you leave the room .
It is entitled to put its views forward .
These companies are where the money is .
Nixon did not take kindly to such jests .
Dogs are much more variable than we are .
Only collectively they can be revered .
I missed scrubbing her back in the bath .
They will be sentenced this afternoon .
Thus she made an uninformed judgement .
Pardon me for not joining the lynch mob .
They insist that they acted correctly .
Wilson should not have make the remark .
Take every asset these criminals have .
Monday and immediately began a search .
It is a hugely impressive performance .
But she fully identifies as mixed race .
This was a night to celebrate baseball .
It should be no different for the state .
I have to tread very carefully here but .
Obviously we now have to be on our guard.
Many of these were perfectly recorded .
But they might be willing to take a pill .
But she had one of those vegetable cars .
She definitely wanted to kill them too .
But the panorama at the top was worth it .
He was to be assigned a public defender .
Five others were wounded in the attack .
The decision had been widely expected .
Nadal then served out the match to love .
Cisco declined to comment on its plans .
All people raised in my class know this .
We have become extremely adept at this .
Now it is time for the hard work to begin .
Many countries have come out with cuts .
They can wear stud earrings and makeup .
The owner was questioned and released .
But she is only one person out of so many .
They pleaded not guilty to all charges .
Comedies were hurt least by the strike .
He says the nightmares will not go away .
I have never thought of myself as a hero .
Hulu has name recognition for a reason .
And it is not just painters who are busy .
Blend the ingredients for two minutes .
It was a perfect cap to a wonderful trip .
Better not leave that holiday too late .
There were hardly any references to it .
The case was adjourned for three weeks .
Most of it is good and helps digest food .
Hosts might have to resort to juggling .
More and more things can be downloaded .
They preached patience to themselves .
Auction revenue goes into a trust fund .
Better comedy than this is hard to find .
They were standing in the sparkly snow .
He can adjust and grow a different crop .
Another good source is dark chocolate .
We all have them at one point or another .
Old trains will continue to use the old .
Two out of three would be in rural areas .
She said she was reimbursing her costs .
What you need is a weatherproof day out .
Entire sitcoms have been built on less .
We do that and we are no better than them .
Defense attorneys were in a tight spot .
A second trial would then be scheduled .
The reindeer have fun racing around it .
Time is short to do what needs to be done .
The gunmen escaped after the shooting .
It is not yet known if any sheep escaped .
It was not clear what caused the damage .
We worry that the something might be us .
And they are doing quite well thank you .
Both the judge and the rapist are black .
Artwork created by the kids is nice too .
This is a major problem for our country .
Maybe a laugh will get their attention .
It was unclear how old the rioters were .
China is by no means the worst offender .
The city would take the others to court .
Medical officials are investigating .
Certain trends came into sharp relief .
What followed were months of analysis .
The gray head is the folding brush head.
This seems to me to settle the question .
Pots under the bunks serve as latrines .
No endorsement is implied or intended .
He also gets to fire a grenade launcher .
The rest looked like bewildered sheep .
I was living on my own and was terrified .
Mickelson is looking better than ever .
It was all over in just over two minutes .
He can seek parole again in three years .
That is the first thing you need to know .
But you can still expect a good shaking .
There were no other injuries reported .
This is a message to you and your agenda .
Just like charging us for plastic bags .
Ghost stories appear in most cultures .
Shiite militias are active in the area .
They will hold some fixed instruments .
Indiana also defended its procedures .
Lloyds declined to comment last night .
Congress voted to overturn the policy .
But nobody at court likes or trusts her .
Sometimes it was a little too dramatic .
Aviary takes a commission on the sales .
Crowds and obligations to meet people .
This design scheme makes little sense .
We had our two minutes silence this end .
There are six kinds of ice cream and pie .
They do not prevent the misuse of funds .
No one can ask for a coveted invitation .
Emotions could play a role in the final .
Canada is not the only country leaving .
Inflationary pressure is also easing .
There is a problem with these messages .
The kind of work that makes a mother cry .
Prosecutors thought that was the case .
But discrimination is just one hurdle .
In other words who is calling the shots .
Shoppers are adapting to the shortage .
Just to see what they are going through .
Kobayashi said the news came as a shock .
And that is just the base of the pyramid .
Some armed groups continue to use them .
This would have quite radical effects .
Maybe you should be hanged for treason .
A lot of friends of mine that are actors .
There were great things to accomplish .
I already dislike time warner service .
And in a way that was exactly what it was .
But it was nice to see him after the game .
Mass gatherings have also been banned .
Get there early if you plan to get a seat .
The full reasoning will never be known .
His mom and family are such good people .
That figure is expected to keep rising .
Never forget the innocent person here .
Your advice would be much appreciated .
The only thing missing was the big hair .
He is working on a permanent crime bill .
Others promise access to secret songs .
At least my fake watch is still working .
A whiff of fear emanates from all sides .
Gourmet was not just a recipe magazine .
Much of that relief has been temporary .
That keeps air from reaching the lungs .
Earmark reform is not a partisan issue .
Two years ago his party was victorious .
But last week she urged its withdrawal .
A car in the driveway had two flat tires .
This is our second year participating .
He was questioned and released on bail .
Several art critics have made the trip .
Others begin to abuse alcohol or drugs .
The rich will always eat what they want .
Participate in our poll and let us know .
But lets look at law abiding gun owners .
Almost nobody in his home country does .
So it might have surprised some people .
I grieve for the family of the dead girl .
Police shot dead five of the attackers .
Parents and other adults must help too .
But his underlying point is important .
Almost no issue brings a sense of unity .
The processes at work there are global .
Either way the stakes are now very high .
Dillon said he was thrilled to be asked .
There did not appear to be any injuries .
That is one of the dialectics of our era .
The nature of the surrogacy is unclear .
His lawyer says the artist is innocent .
On the principle that it might be quiet .
Both times the congregation tittered .
Sharia is however concerned with more .
This election is becoming school days .
A couple runs might be all it would take .
Whether the weather be cold or whether .
I had an engagement with the real world .
The border needs to be better conveyed .
All these quarterbacks need some help .
The children learned with that in mind .
Sanctions may hit the ordinary people .
Well you ought to know about delusions .
It just takes a little bit of arranging .
I was determined not to let that happen .
Its chronology is complex and elusive .
The storytelling is rushed and sloppy .
There are two ways that can be achieved .
You have to figure things out yourself .
Her gait is more girlish than ladylike .
Roads in the area have remained closed .
Everyone knows everyone else by sight .
I believe he is meeting with them today .
National survival hung in the balance .
Several young players should improve .
They will probably have their own show .
Feeding his family used to be a problem .
Obama was not the only statesman there .
His cheeks puffed while he ran sprints .
Bailout for car parts makers a hopeful .
The stories must have been convincing .
Hood massacre like the terrorist he is .
It is the present and soon to be the past .
The driver leaves after seven minutes .
He has reportedly denied involvement .
A reality check is definitely in order .
He said that he would pay the money back .
Major highways were still under water .
Some people have taken it even further .
No one has yet been charged or arrested .
Everything will be exactly as it is now .
Hoffmann declined to comment further .
He reportedly had a rare brain disease .
This crisis was entirely predictable .
But we will try to give them a tough time .
I just wanted to touch him one more time .
Bryant had four assists during the run .
The three of you will do great coverage .
He will also remain in charge of police .
We have to score one goal more than them .
We need to jump start green technology .
Most historians reject the assertion .
I wonder how close the next bomb will be .
They are also unimaginably expensive .
The first team to reach five goals wins .
The body enters a period of reflection .
There are no diplomatic niceties here .
The children died of smoke inhalation .
All those who tried to escape were shot .
Thousands of people are still missing .
There is no whining from the companies .
He manages an abashed shrug at the mess .
Markets are looking for guidance here .
But formula one fans welcomed the move .
There is no question the sums are large .
Five years on and the critics are muted .
He went to court against that decision .
But the deal was not as good as it looked .
But this is proving less true by the day .
Not many people around me know about it .
Your wife already knows you have needs .
All three men made off with a sum of cash .
He wants to win another national title .
You really have to know how to move well .
The ash can cause damage to jet engines .
Rios followed with a drive to deep left .
What a difference a credit crunch made .
Darling will be fiddling a lot more yet .
He is unlikely ever to get carried away .
They both disappear in the final image .
But central banks need not be helpless .
That leaves small businesses in a bind .
He was the last witness for the defense .
Classic drama has all but disappeared .
This was so bizzare it is not even funny .
That means it is consuming more energy .
He showed himself as sober and serious .
Bank charges for its export financing.
I specialize in talking to boys and men .
They were more geopolitical in nature.
Urban schools are also asking for more .
This recession has no lack of villains .
I truly wish more people realized that .
But a career in music would have to wait .
Progress in mine clearance can be slow .
They were secretly recorded last year .
Avoiding injuries becomes a key issue .
Women on donkeys travel to fetch water .
He previously had no financial assets .
Or will refuse to do so as the case may be .
Mimosas and appetizers will be served .
The homeowner has declined to comment .
The problem is the lack of gas to fill it .
I know a woman who works as a translator .
He did not identify the victims by name .
Police then dropped her off at her home .
Reposting as some phrases were cut off .
There were more missed tackles to come .
If caught they were brutally punished .
This makes good sense for a few reasons .
A national title can do that for a woman .
Wecht is here to determine how she died .
It says the issue has now been resolved .
And the next season they did the double .
Just be careful not to scorch the sugar .
Both of those attacks blew out windows .
The motive for the incident is unclear .
But back to the financial bail out plan .
They were busy running the restaurant .
You can see how that might be organised .
Transformers is the ultimate example .
Let his policies speak for themselves .
The media reaction to this is puzzling .
All drank the same brand of milk powder .
Three people inside the first car died .
This feature is available only online .
That is why it is her presidency to lose .
Condolence to your family and friends .
It was missed opportunities all round .
She always thought about other people .
But therein lay their weaknesses also .
Culp said it was the most fun he ever had .
It appears that no money changed hands .
There was a recurring theme to her work .
Her words might apply to more than hens .
This was the magic of electrophoresis .
The second new ball proved his undoing .
He said he wanted to talk with his owner .
The men have not been formally charged .
That creates a bizarre contradiction .
If you can do it inside it will be better .
Four other soldiers were also wounded .
What a ride the last few months had been .
He calls every day a small step forward .
But things are never quite that simple .
I know this is probably a real dumb idea .
Labour disputes accounted for others .
It is no longer a question of if but when .
But this is the way things are done here .
Stop whining and make smart decisions .
Byrd is accustomed to setting records .
Fielder grounded out to end the threat .
The diagramed deal was in this session .
Few who bailed out were ever seen again .
This compounded the house price shock .
I trust you are not in too much distress .
His remarks had elements of silliness .
The next step proved to be the toughest .
All employees need to understand this .
An optional stadium was also included .
The remark was followed by many others .
Love at first and then many many sights .
Seventy percent were in favor of bangs .
At least the question was a serious one .
It will be a comedic event like no other .
We are already in a perilous situation .
Bond linked gay rights to civil rights .
No workers were at the plant at the time .
One of these was negative campaigning .
Detroit released him in the offseason .
My wife gets a lot of support in her work .
Zhou did not mention the dollar by name .
Out of the watercolor painting we went .
The story is quite different for women .
All the signs are that this will happen .
Russia is doing pretty well these days .
The rest of the night went about to form .
The building has a shared fitness room .
Graphene sheets are not easy to handle .
Two women also were wounded by gunfire .
It did not follow a specific complaint .
And the search is on for the female lead .
All the love sent before helps my karma .
It is a song i never intended releasing .
Canceling turned out to be a nightmare .
Then left another that was far to close .
Of course there are winners and losers .
Nor will he judge the outcome of the war .
He is also suing it for discrimination .
It would be just enough to seal his fate .
Tea was served and politics discussed .
We believe we know who was responsible .
We would then retire to the living room .
How to proceed in engineering remains .
But there are a few cracks in the system .
It must have been quite a balancing act .
She was also driving in a thunderstorm .
Both readings are ripe for the picking .
It can be conveyed orally or in writing .
Trial lawyers had conceded that point .
Powerful interests have much at stake .
They have an attack you can prepare for .
Well insulated against traffic noise .
Just a few observations and questions .
This belief is also shared by children .
We were operating far too many schools .
It also offered to refund your bank fee .
A second one was recorded farther away .
Stock futures were moderately higher .
This is an increasingly debased world .
I have such fond memories of halloween .
This was almost certainly a mass grave .
The problem has hurt the city for years .
I think this is why she really resigned .
The whole performance needs more bite .
This is their way of getting attention .
Life as a referee is a lonely existence .
Venter is no ordinary academic genius .
It is because treatment was available .
There are constraints to this service .
Now they want to make sure she stays put .
Now nobody is feeling quite so certain .
Banks were some of the best performers .
Playing whack a mole with eradication .
In addition stay out of our health care .
I would just like to add few more points .
We are proud of him serving our country .
Pie has replaced cake at some weddings .
The problem is one of supply and demand .
Obama will be a more sociable presence .
Which might be just the way they want it .
Coe is fully supportive of the changes .
There is no radio or glove compartment .
Officials say there were no survivors .
He is a legend at the club and rightly so .
That is wishful thinking at this point .
I recommend that you buy quality tools .
Raub does not think that is a big threat .
Crouch was at the back post to head home .
Wages also held up in the public sector .
One thumb added points for great moves .
You can make friends and work together .
These makeovers have been successful .
It cast a long shadow over the congress .
These type of shows should be outlawed .
Imagine these two explanatory models .
They were able to walk off the mountain .
Commodities and labor will have value .
It will also be opened for public tours .
But her smile still made me feel uneasy .
An alleged financier and coup plotter .
It draws a different crowd to the genre .
The rest agreed to fund other projects .
It puts you back in that positive place .
He reported her missing two days later .
But the first crash is only the prelude .
The expectation is that he will be fine .
Israel is not as tough as they used to be .
Holden asked in a telephone interview .
Focus on two or three attainable goals .
They are more used to getting their way .
The man died of his wounds this morning .
Analysts see some sleight of hand here .
There is no personal motive in my views .
Time magazine called it the happy hour .
Tax revenue fell as the economy slowed .
Most definitely a glass half full type .
Call it optimism with a cynical streak .
But he had to work harder than he wanted .
The language was a lesson is ignorance .
The lorry was carrying two containers .
Thankfully none of us confronted them .
But the males are about half their size .
The problem was the lack of an out pitch .
But they acknowledge this is unlikely .
You tell me whose responsibility it is .
It is how they are managed that matters .
The female driver was arrested nearby .
The bill extends the ability to do that .
He leads by example and nonverbal cues .
I could tell she wanted a chance to talk .
Commercial growers do a lot of pruning .
My diet is much better than it used to be .
But it comes at a steep price in liberty .
He was knocked out by a punch to the face .
He has a busy day at the office tomorrow .
It will be a mixture of old and new faces .
Strong action often has consequences .
The purpose of the journey was twofold .
This is not the way that politics works .
And the plan was about to get much worse .
There is a similar earlobe crease test .
You completely misread the statement .
A government vehicle was also damaged .
We did some elementary schools as well .
Bullet holes have been plastered over .
The subjects would nod in recognition .
Oregon took control in the second half .
Trees also save money on cooling costs .
But the price tag drew some complaints .
How much that could be remains unclear .
Alinghi spokesmen refused to comment .
His allies say there is no other option .
Sponsorship dollars have been scarce .
The answer is none of the options above .
I have just made a movie with my readers .
Lingani caught her eye and thanked her .
I feel the pattern of my life is settled .
Somebody asked what the difference is .
Do not return the product to retailers .
Traffic splayed out in all directions .
Postal employees need to take a pay cut .
Even some cast members got into the act .
He spends a lot of time with his trainer .
The paper did not divulge their source .
Modano also scored once in regulation .
He was a brave campaigning journalist .
It was an opportunity to make progress .
I need to come up with a new viewing plan .
Baines has outlived her entire family .
But the legal system is lagging behind .
Their whole body is an electrical mess .
This day could not have been any better .
We should erect a technological fence .
Not all of that money is trickling down .
Other treatments are not cheap either .
But there is no return to the old normal .
He would surely have blessed this book .
One of the million who believes in hope .
I did get some help with group thearapy .
Some areas have now run out of vaccines .
None of the passengers have been found .
The whole process is just a lot more fun .
The two split amicably some months ago .
My chances are looking slimmer though .
The same is true for gasoline refiners .
Such turmoil is the last thing he needs .
There are three ways to fix the problem .
Bands play mostly in the summer months .
She cannot pronounce the word nuclear .
Nobody is against alternative energy .
Blodgett has not endorsed a candidate .
But they could not confirm these finds .
Infants are particularly vulnerable .
The whole thing was organised in a blur .
One man was seen running from the scene .
However it is still a cause for concern .
But in fact he says he no longer wants it .
This seems a conspiracy theory too far .
The issue for all of us now is the future .
A lost home often begins with a lost job .
But that was where his nostalgia ended .
They might never have been discovered .
We live at a critical moment in history .
It was an indescribably moving moment .
Airlines know the changes are painful .
The soldiers are finally able to leave .
But they might also crank up the satire .
I look forward to checking out her book .
He said crimes span over three decades .
No passengers were on board at the time .
Parents push their kids to the point of .
Rousseff inherits a nation on the rise .
But they have several points in common .
Go back under your stone and stay there .
I head for the cathedral if there is one .
Web content for the mobile experience.
I was using my torch to get up on the roof .
Students are trying to take on the rest .
I am a strong opponent of the hybrid car .
That last bit is emphatically not true .
So yet another prop stock goes for cash .
Because it would be bad for the country .
I saw the show in previews last week and .
The only sounds are breath and bubbles .
I have stayed involved in politics etc .
Thanks to the reader who pointed it out .
Can you imagine a house without a fence .
The first few bars sounded pretty good .
It wound around itself enigmatically .
Please advise if such a fund is created .
Such advantages come at a price though .
People craned to glimpse the scuffles .
The team feared a more serious setback .
She also denied that evidence was weak .
She kept her quarters neat and orderly .
But he is now setting his sights higher .
Troops no longer feel cut off from home .
Ranchers let their catttle overgraze .
That approach has already been tested .
He has emerged as potential kingmaker .
The two companies make flu treatments .
The field was closed several weeks ago .
Insurance was the last thing on my mind .
The event did not go entirely smoothly .
Lifelong friendships will be started .
But you can turn that to your advantage .
Now you are hiding behind the military .
Some of the hybrids were just as spunky .
The person who passed the bill got away .
The other alternative was to cut staff .
Some bodies were dumped in mass graves .
Germany was defeated conventionally .
This new research changes everything .
That is the ture reason why so many dead .
Beckett turned in a solid five innings .
But it is the law and he is entitled to it .
And both sides are equally determined .
Interfax provided no further details .
Tell us your views using the form below .
You also abide by the rules of the house .
Transport links get better by the week .
But complaints have continued to rise .
Others found the scandal less amusing .
That trend is now likely to be reversed .
Now the strategy was much more focused .
I love variety more than anything else .
And they want to have votes before that .
Click here to read the food diary story .
Now that argument no longer holds true .
We all need to be at peace on this planet .
It drives him to digitize and organize .
Squat down as far as feels comfortable .
Many residents were asleep at the time .
Would like to take a more detailed read .
Nationalisation was already in vogue .
A forensic examination is continuing .
This ship has been sinking for decades .
She is to report to prison within weeks .
The scene was later taped off by police .
Even steady walking can help the brain .
Bryant is hardly pleased with the rule .
It would be a serious tactical mistake .
His father was a high school principal .
A lot of people have visited its campus .
First she complained about the budget .
The judge has yet to rule on the request .
Its about time people rose up and acted .
Several times groups stopped to stare .
Machine guns may be mounted from cabin .
Police fired tear gas to disperse them .
He pledged a crackdown on speculators .
Britain is struggling with the change .
Sexual beings are competitive beings .
Both figures were exactly as expected .
The stats show that it has not happened .
Not every pitch is touched with genius .
Now lift your hand and look at your palm .
The price drops on some models may help .
Complicating matters was the weather .
It ranks far below the usual standards .
There are a few more similar exchanges .
How does a bank deal with that scenario .
There are three key points to make here .
Criticism is irrelevant at this point .
Hurwitz insisted she come in to be seen .
Here the king and religion intertwine .
This reflects a lack of political will .
I set up the picnic table and got to work .
Two of the six passengers were ejected .
I was in a training program with all men .
Protect yourself before it is too late .
They help teachers who are struggling .
He was initially rejected for the role .
Jones has a history in such situations .
A group of people walks quietly past us .
And we will not be grading you on a curve .
The situation has improved since then .
He was sentenced to five months prison .
No plea was made and he was granted bail .
Brown is by no means alone in his idiocy .
Flex ferry tickets are also available .
Neither was there much public or press .
Or you can have the products destroyed .
Internationally he was soon in demand .
And she is no stranger to the high court .
We spoke to a man in a bar that lunchtime .
Here you have to read between the lines .
He also overtook a lorry on a blind bend .
Deadlines put too much pressure on you .
Then he began snipping at his handlers .
Both parents live a long flight from us .
Some people simply relish taking jabs .
We had no idea whether or not it was over .
The market expected a slight increase .
It would be better for the environment .
Reform on a massive scale is necessary .
The offer also includes free delivery .
I was becoming a very good posse member .
Check her record instead of parroting .
A number of possibilities come to mind .
There is life as portrayed in the media .
That rear seat is exceptionally large .
We think you can see where this is going .
Creating awareness is half the battle .
He quoted to her from the novels he read .
He was honorably discharged last year .
It has already received five aircraft .
This article is both wonderful and sad .
And there have been too many drownings .
They are very focused on their own team .
It was a tremendous break with the past .
The adjoining homes were not affected .
We also reserve the right to retaliate .
He was later released after treatment .
It is much easier to produce a magazine .
The downside had not been anticipated .
The largest public bank in the country .
Aviva has yet to confirm the job losses .
But the goal could be mining resources .
Roster depletion was another concern .
Our car crawled along a near empty road .
The homeowners would keep their homes .
Both had enjoyed provisional liberty .
Businesses verging towards collapse .
But several other factors are to blame .
Details of the deal were not available .
They have been bailed until next month .
The conception may have saved her life .
Most have spent way beyond their means .
It addressed only nonimmigrant visas .
They are events in a communal calendar .
The remark was overheard by reporters .
This show was never worth the film used .
Choice is the handmaiden of necessity .
He had been out with shoulder soreness .
Comcast denies it blocks file sharing .
No details were immediately released .
Delays get worse as the day progresses .
Three others were buried but survived .
European markets were little changed .
Hit it once or twice my eyes tightening .
There is some subtext to the ads as well .
Others learned a skill or made a career .
Water deficits are expected to remain .
She dramatically dropped to her knees .
Supply has met demand with a vengeance .
You could not be closer to the bike path .
But at school we create habits for life .
Make sure that your shoes fit properly .
But this episode had an unhappy ending .
Take scrapbooks for the kids to fill in .
These devices are made of spring steel .
More interesting variants are likely .
You speak for many that include myself .
But migrants should be happy to be here .
None of which have been furnished to me .
That year was probably the crossroads .
They considered it their duty to serve .
His death was announced by his manager .
She said that he could now move his arms .
He gleefully dashes to the colored one .
But they are not meeting him where he is .
That should also speed up connections .
How our budget policies hurt families .
He is not charged with drug violations .
Getting it right is all about practise .
I just find people with the same values .
But he deserved better than what he got .
Money has not been denied for vehicles .
No ransom demand had yet been received .
Nobody back at home wanted to hear that .
Metal full length cords are not so easy .
I hope many people will read your piece .
Radiance is the holy grail of skincare .
There he stopped and looked around him .
It would not be open to regular traffic .
But it was a decision that had to be made .
He will have further assessment today .
An irrepressibly funny and gifted man .
Roman emperors sometimes married men .
I start with some admitted prejudices .
The country was running out of promise .
Almost unthinkable in this day and age .
The nature of hoaxing has also changed .
She may be wearing a white hat and scarf .
Your sexuality should not come into it .
What a sad thing for everyone involved .
These pots are more than one metre wide .
Thorpe said he was shaken by what he saw .
They produced such fantastic attacks .
Many others are on trial or await trial .
A meaningful recovery is a long way off .
We need more in every place in the world .
Scope for spontaneity will be limited .
The typical wait is five to eight weeks .
No civilian casualties were reported .
Now she is the supervisor of the pantry .
We are going to be flying in the interim .
Everyone is so easygoing and friendly .
He swatted a stray ball in frustration .
His green credentials are impressive .
Edmonton has lost four of its last five .
This is a great article that tells us no .
Obama faces an uphill battle on pledge .
This is not what was supposed to happen .
No idea if the maths makes sense though .
It was paid pro rata by those attending .
Exactly what happened next is unclear .
The city plans to appeal that decision .
Other posts were wrapped with padding .
Other metrics suggests steeper falls .
And the winners get to carry out policy .
He is a man who excites strong feelings .
Humans want a genuine sense of control .
Helmets gathered by an unknown artist .
The audacity invoked transcends hope .
That should be the only question asked.
Brennan said test results were normal .
Drain and return to the pan to keep warm .
Whatever the government says is a sham .
My initial reaction was to equivocate .
Obama makes two very important claims .
Ensure the chicken is properly cooked .
This time was supposed to be different .
Heads are rolling at the movie studios .
You need to relax to be able to play well .
A male robbed a gas station at gunpoint .
Legal experts say his chances are slim .
A third bomb in the region injured four .
Huckabee is nothing if not consistent .
The families get a key to the front door .
The impossibly nice man keeps helping .
All nine sold out in a matter of minutes .
Skyscrapers and bridges are shredded .
But that is not enough to save the bulls .
He dripped enthusiasm when it was over .
You never see me without a cup of coffee .
Reusable and caught in a vicious cycle .
Cresta riders risk limb as well as life .
It usually leads to mouthfuls of blood .
Sometimes they catch me at off moments .
The corset does most of the work for you .
Her mother told her not to be so foolish .
Both are essential for countless jobs .
It was very early summer or late spring .
Haitians feel very alone at the moment .
The skies overhead were not clear blue .
A particular dynamic fuels the fiesta .
Drain the pasta and toss with the sauce .
Changing leadership is a leap of faith .
It was also a catastrophe of marketing .
It can get very close to language areas .
The writing is never remotely obscene .
This was not disguised even at the time .
He was finished with politics for good .
Web companies will survive either way .
Better in a public stall than not at all .
I just wish the others were here as well .
The murder weapon was never recovered .
What conscience are you talking about .
Chrysler wants them gone by next month .
It includes sharing data and research .
Authorities expect to charge him soon .
Football and family are never far away .
These are all momentary distractions .
Harman denies any effort to intercede .
They had no control over what was aired .
What they could not steal they smashed .
A heavy metallic belt on your sexy hips .
They have not been arrested or charged .
The fear of relegation does that to you .
See the editorial cartoons of the week .
Or if the fee is not adequate to the case .
People will have a better perspective .
Some rode motorbikes and carried guns .
And nothing prepares you for the sight .
They won as a team and will lose as a team .
Jenkins plans to smash it by the spring .
He was taken into custody and released .
This si so typical of the far left elite .
Only dictatorships would be affected .
It added that the driver had been freed .
It was unclear how the injury occurred .
That would not have been his intention .
So could instances of negative equity .
Here are some of the more familiar ones .
Just two days after sparking the furor.
Many of the same people are pitching in .
Utah has won six of its last seven games .
The workers also fear revenge attacks .
Greek men were said to be a bit too soppy .
So we will see how it will goes this time .
Dagan is not arguing for a quick strike .
The photos are what you see in his books .
Katawal too seemed bracing for a fight .
Top marks for the luxurious bathrooms .
None of the other shutters moved at all .
All of the other houses are flooded out .
A blanket of snow covers my back garden .
He believes in a great national cuddle .
The boys later voted it their best show .
We have nothing to fear but fear itself .
The case will be argued later this year .
No telephone number was listed for her .
Five miners escaped without injuries .
It was a painful but useful experience .
We pay off our charge cards every month .
Even the ammunition racks are in place .
Your silly petty negatives are boring .
I think this was a wonderful interview .
There is limited support for this view .
There were undeniable ripple effects .
I believe in personal responsibility .
Then his body stopped letting him do so .
Send it in by filling out the form below .
Sometimes you have to get it in the face .
Any deal could lead to painful job cuts .
That is what makes a healthy democracy .
We must rise up against our oppressors .
The sands of time stand still for no man .
Affordable housing is in short supply .
It will be important to get there first .
Germany registered the highest level .
Authorities said there was one arrest .
These issues are inextricably linked .
This is another dishonest tax article .
A tightrope plucked like a bass string .
Oil prices advanced along with stocks .
Brown greeted him just inside the door .
In your own country you have few rights .
Jerome is completely exposed up front .
This augurs terribly for his campaign .
They do not have the high resin content .
Have you actually watched the footage .
Several states are considering bills .
It was a concession that defied belief .
Looks like that club is getting bigger .
Its like honeysuckle and wild peaches .
The combination is beautiful and easy .
That is certainly a possible scenario .
Thanks again for your always good info .
It could also be a temperature problem .
The new boats will have a greater range .
It was only slightly better from there .
Ubuntu addresses things differently .
His body seemed to respond well to that .
Paying a fair market value for the home .
Haitians are not waiting for handouts .
He has some company voting out of state .
We sat down and a baby toddled over to us .
Your priorities are in the wrong place .
And we also know what it means to meddle .
There will be blood shed no matter what .
His early career was marked by failure .
Lets hope he doesnt make us look stupid .
Neither made comments to journalists .
The cardinal sin was to attack a warder .
Three people are in custody in the case .
But the efforts appear to have paid off .
I have repeatedly ducked the question .
It happens in the very best of families .
A truly socialized health care system .
None of the firms admitted wrongdoing .
It is anything but clear that they will .
Nuclear is a perennially thorny issue .
There will be no live firing at any time .
All that makes this deal worth the wait .
I was one of the many who wanted him gone .
The statement gave no furtehr details .
Generals shudder at the implications .
Western values have been lost forever .
But blackouts are not the only problem .
Either way it is not generating wealth .
People who reject religion always are .
Give examples to support your opinion .
By all accounts she is well and healthy .
You can see where we are going with this .
But it remains in a category all its own .
The two events are mutually exclusive .
He was curious about how things worked .
At a few places they even used grenades .
She was cleared of four similar counts .
A family friend suggested basketball .
Turkey are appealing against that ban .
Len was found not guilty of the charges .
Except the past refused to be typecast .
I cannot stand the thought of them back .
I am not going to try to make you look bad .
Yao went scoreless in the final period .
Olmert says there is no firm timetable .
The largest items are stacked outside .
But the state does insist on seat belts .
But it is one of the more arresting ones .
Drop a bad habit and introduce a new one .
Others fear a different type of stress .
Your portion also comes in other forms .
But the number erupted over the summer .
What amazes me most is the rapt silence .
They spoke with surprising frankness .
Salford became ripe for regeneration .
At times the message sounds a bit mixed .
Love stresses that empowerment is key .
The motif puts the brakes on modernity .
People who are getting taxpayer money .
Three senior officers were suspended .
Blow the whistle and the ordeal is over .
There are two main reasons for the drop .
The major indexes ended the week mixed .
Fortunate for you to have a wise mother .
We either slink away or step up our game .
That makes the system move a bit faster .
Tests showed she died from stab wounds .
Second marriage for the guitar legend.
I trust these will be thorough and fair .
And often husbands who get nudged away .
The contacts so far have been informal .
And really that was all very emotional .
The judge will make the final decision .
It plans to continue pressing for them .
Two employees start dating or break up .
Players sign these things all day long .
Such a plan could take years to fulfill .
The couple has four children together .
Belichick will take it one day at a time .
It accelerated with extreme violence .
Lunch depends on what you want to drink .
Only one entry is permitted per person .
Overall capital levels also improved .
You just have to love it all and not care .
This gives rise to many complex issues .
Boston could have ended it far earlier .
Four youngsters then scaled the cliff .
They got to sit in metal folding chairs .
I was bored and spending too much money .
Claims of this sort are proliferating .
But they still continued to visit them .
We have to take our neighborhoods back .
Police said more arrests would follow .
Greece is the canary down the coal mine .
It was not the only missed opportunity .
He had pleaded innocent to the charges .
He was worried about getting out of bed .
You can be content to sit back and dream .
The final will perhaps be worth seeing .
Makes your wit seem much less insecure .
Make sure you are on the electoral roll .
But they did for nearly three quarters .
He has always protested his innocence .
It was extraordinarily embarrassing .
I think there are two ways of getting it .
These are facts that cannot be ignored .
The new guard is ready to start leading .
Its construction loans are in default .
This is only one part of the discussion .
Gabriel was missing from the ceremony .
Many then tweet to share their tactics .
The squeeze leaves many with red faces .
And each had to follow a different path .
Possibly for a little more than an hour .
I sang the song as a tribute to my mother .
We get to the bottom of many little bags .
That case keeps getting easier to make .
Most of the time this is simply not true .
Mismedication may be a bigger problem .
It was so close and we were so terrified .
You never make friends like that again .
It has definitely had its ups and downs .
Coleman pleaded guilty to conspiracy .
Peel off outer and inner skin while hot .
The entire judicial system is corrupt .
Her husband is charged with her murder .
The stock market always interested me .
Brooks hit two jumpers to end the spurt .
The reefs hold plenty of small pollock .
This battle had been a long time coming .
Only the evening entertainment sucks .
Ahmet will be sentenced at a later date .
I checked extremely carefully myself .
But his love of cars comes from earlier .
The reason is that time is being bought .
So is it any wonder this bill has passed .
He sat in the cockpit behind the pilots .
Eleven cases have so far been detected .
Leaking silos were belching radon gas .
Teams are at the top at different times .
The lads and the club are all behind him .
William managed it second time around .
Three schools offered it exclusively .
These were also extended for six weeks .
The captain was unharmed in the rescue .
Mad cow is found mostly in older cattle .
Wind turbines to provide electricity .
There are lessons for all of us to learn .
But poor governance is not corruption .
It is understood that four have done so .
A general rule is to take a single piece .
We cut it once a year with a weedwhacker .
Where we have the trials is irrelevant .
The top five have all changed position .
Some advocacy groups were more direct .
We were supposed to stop writing jokes .
Legalizing abortion increased crime .
Minnesota has lost five of its last six .
Its like finding out your mom is a whore .
There was also no doubting her courage .
Those who have not are the poorer for it .
Wider shots show a mostly empty square .
I love the reader interaction in blogs .
Nuclear is never going to be a quick fix .
Police believe she had been assaulted .
Storms are the enemies of sand dollars .
Then people will know where they stand .
Your father was a very charismatic man .
But he is up against centuries of habit .
Many of them did so holding their noses .
That usually means two separate tests .
Tresco is carrying out its own repairs .
The report could not be substantiated .
I have always loved this part of the day .
May be it is pesticides we over use them .
He has a little muscular spasm problem .
His show seemed more aimed at children .
The names will eventually revert back .
The futurists often got lost in cubism .
Worshippers know exactly who he means .
The choice of vehicle has also widened .
General optimism and pessimism count .
But he said he did not intend to kill him .
People who have never caucused before .
The resulting corner comes to nothing .
He did not deny coalition involvement .
No prizes for guessing who that will be.
Investors were unmoved by the minutes .
You have been sold an intellectual pup .
Firefighters then rescued her mother .
We are now seeing some new swing states .
Fingers are pointed in all directions .
The phone calls poured in immediately .
They also made huge fees in the process .
Andreas was married but had no sex life .
Other appointments also are imminent .
The formula is proven to be successful .
In fact it called for it to be continued .
Fresh petals are strewn over the tombs .
The images also provoked controversy .
Shaun could actually fight to breathe .
And they are going to have to move again .
But he remains popular in this country .
They can stop a film being distributed .
But those hopes have not materialised .
This legislation is about innovation .
They are supposed to get six feeds a day .
I am not prepared to undergo a makeover .
Not that there is any lack of dread here .
The bullet narrowly missed an officer .
Each spent long stretches on the bench .
They did not have any chance of success .
You confound me with your lack of logic .
Please contact us using the form below .
Djokovic duly served out for the match .
The miniature cows are mostly for pets .
Makes me want an iphone just for the app .
But they came in full force the next day .
Existing shareholders are not amused .
The buying spree looks set to continue .
The global tuna fleet is out of control .
The same might happen with new tax cuts .
They contribute directly to security .
Yo uhave obviously confused yourself .
Politicians always have plenty to say .
The church has been through a lot worse .
Women dipped their skirts in his blood .
He expects it to take six to eight weeks .
They got hit by our artillery shelling .
My children are now nearly two and five .
There was a need for some ruthlessness .
Even more are waiting to attend school .
They think that quite a lot of it is fair .
I hope she runs for president next time .
Have faith people will win eventually .
A deep recession can be a great leveler .
He was the player everyone wanted to be .
But being a monument comes with a price .
Nothing to lose on this one huh sweetie .
But it only applies to married couples .
Put down the pom poms and open your mind .
This began a long series of treatments .
Anyone near him is in political danger .
Neocons have astronomical arrogance .
This is part of the backlash from it all .
Rifat could not be reached for comment .
The guesswork kept everybody dancing .
He not yet entered a plea to the charges .
But he at least fell short of hypocrisy .
Three gunshots can be heard on the tape .
Others die in crashes or due to disease .
The power to unsettle is good by the way .
A thousand human years had simply died .
Not the first blind electorate either .
Clinton is totally and utterly guilty .
And sometimes it will be a combination .
Once they do they will continue to rule .
Our complete disclaimer appears here .
He says the device has changed his life .
There was no official word on its cause .
They support the vicious drug cartels .
This is discrimination of tall people .
He is asking about staff remuneration .
Put the chicken wings into a large bowl .
Everybody wake up and smell the coffee .
This will cause our spirits to prosper .
He could also face fines and penalties .
Some think he was an interior designer .
By the finish he could afford mistakes .
I hope she works on a contingency basis .
Talk more about your dance background .
Details on price have yet to be decided .
He also said he wanted to preserve jobs .
The initial reaction was numb inertia .
Others called it the bridge to nowhere .
The mainsail flapped and swung around .
The damaged building is now abandoned .
Deployed world over to keep evil at bay .
They indicated the death toll may rise .
Chicago had two power plays in the game .
But he passionately defended himself .
A step closer to making that smile last .
Detorie had in fact not mentioned that .
She was later released without charge .
Everyone is assessed as an individual .
And they are being absolutely fleeced .
Hers is a story with a rare happy ending .
The results went from mixed to not good .
He said some of the bodies were in parts .
Police say there could be more victims .
They worked with a private contractor .
Traditional structures were not used .
He has always spent money on the horses .
The businessman was wounded in the leg .
Not all of his successes were artistic .
The confession hall is down the street .
Click here to read more about the study .
Being a great talent does not make it ok .
The required result was then returned .
Prime ministerial brows have beetled .
They have to be the right institutions .
In no time he was twirling dough around .
Police said both had been shot to death .
Both players are probable for the game .
The new reality is somewhat different .
Both have been commercial successful .
Nothing suggests he is going to bow out .
It fitted quite easily into daily life .
Doctors and medicine were little help .
There are billions of dollars at stake .
The apartment next door became vacant .
But most of us eat about twice that much .
The facts seem to speak for themselves .
Gold and crude oil were little changed .
And the wood comes through in the taste .
The cast wear suits or evening dresses .
It seems to me this is political idiocy .
He was pretty funny in this commercial .
Everyone needs to get over themselves .
Australia has proposed another route .
Do it again and the whole lap is wrecked .
Much more is expected over the weekend .
It did not even stabilize the downturn .
But the timing is especially critical .
So it is time for an imperfect solution .
Phil was a true friend and inspiration .
Supply chain problems dogged the firm .
But they were both convicted of murder .
Nobody was seriously hurt in the blaze .
The source of the explosion is unclear .
But it will take over a week to get there .
He worked nights to support his family .
The minister offers two explanations .
These kids are approaching adulthood .
There was no word that anyone was fined .
The geologists had to wait another day .
Your job or career may be in difficulty .
It would also be easier for us to manage .
It is not given to me to know such things .
Polls show the race is too close to call .
Now they will never again post a profit .
It was the way they played and attacked .
You are the reason white racists exist .
She has promised to be better prepared .
Everyone on board died in the disaster .
Time will tell where their futures lie .
There have been factual errors as well .
But this is the definition of pathetic .
The ruling was a big win for the defense .
These efforts paid off in the caucuses .
Hartl did not name the donor companies .
Mangini said he occasionally watches .
We are at a point where it is a moot point .
And many of the miscreants will be gone .
But he said it was not all doom and gloom .
And that may be the scariest part of all .
But the goalkeeper was soon caught out .
We know what it is and it is comfortable .
He was at a homeless shelter at the time .
We eat in response to sadness or stress .
All they care about is their own profit .
She did exactly that for several years .
At least she enjoyed the train commute .
He has to get his team on the right track .
To me that is genocide and it has to stop .
This means they are less likely to fail .
The garden is in a period of transition .
I knew that he refused to do television .
Human beings are a wonderful resource .
It was the first mating attempt by both .
But the candidates declined to engage .
Centrica was not available to comment .
A friend came along to witness the deal .
Maybe the biggest reason is tradition .
You can scan them off a computer screen .
We thought we had all the bases covered .
I take time off in between expeditions .
Be very careful when buying soapstone .
And that was that for sherry cocktails .
The vacuum cleaner has played its part .
He raved about how nice she looked then .
But she walked to the elevator instead .
Get back to stories about photographs .
But in the real world it may also matter .
But he was pronounced dead at the scene .
It was really amazing to be part of that .
He faces as much as five years in prison .
The news from the report is not all good .
The other would have liked to roast him .
And he knows the political arithmetic .
Nehme said the case was not about money .
Democrats consider him a prime target .
It is a member of no military alliances .
Perhaps unsurprisingly at this point .
For the conquered it was convert or die .
They are stopping the movement of cars .
I particularly enjoy reading fiction .
She did not go in for harsh punishments .
Moreover his side have kept improving .
Look at restaurant menus differently .
Langenhahn is fighting his dismissal .
Payne had four steals and five assists .
No guards or prison staff were injured .
I say straight sets in an hour and a half .
This year a friskier outlook prevails .
A decision is expected later this year .
Here are their findings in their words .
They have nothing to add to this debate .
That inevitably leads to comparisons .
Others say they continue to make money .
There were no other arrests in the ride .
Monopoly does not have that advantage .
But then love always brings surprises .
Yet many people certainly are worried .
Sometimes the arguments are creative .
There are ample grounds for criticism .
It is also in some ways more satisfying .
Click here for more on cardiomyopathy .
Others tend to be more shy and cautious .
But not everyone had made it out in time .
She said the court had been too lenient .
One soon copied in schools everywhere .
I think thats a crazy idea to begin with .
Pray for the families of these victims .
The declarations did not break the law .
It would be followed by a formal dinner .
Dates and venues are subject to change .
They would have been my grandchildren .
That may have lingering consequences .
The stage seemed set for a dollar rally .
A chopper was called in to evacuate him .
Well done on whipping up public hatred .
Go along with it and take an active role .
Kennedy seemed to find that hard to buy .
Divide the bechamel over each ramekin .
The council said things have improved .
Allow three to seven days for delivery .
The early warning lights are flashing .
But some are critical of this approach .
He made clear how he defines democracy .
The trips run during the summer season .
They have now been replaced by a candle .
The doors were open and the keys inside .
Obama has a difficult task ahead of him .
I was instructed to swallow them whole .
The menu is as diverse as it is creative .
They lost a lot of people in the process .
By this he means he has to take requests .
These two children were four years old .
That storm was one for the record books .
This whole episode really bothered me .
Others were placed in an adjacent room .
But he is thrilled with his own success .
The information is sent to a cell phone .
It was a moment few could have imagined .
They ran away and got into a waiting car .
The gates would usually be kept locked .
The timetable is a further constraint .
Its previous owner did not want to sell .
He has been looking at court decisions .
Its solutions are simple and timeless .
There have been some positive changes .
He could and did endure an ankle injury .
There is more than one family of midges .
This shortlist complicates that plot .
My life would have been very different .
Slowly the women moved across a bridge .
Speaks highly of neighboring country .
That added another party to the effort .
He has since boarded a plane to fly home .
The rest face dangers from landslides .
To some extent this is a cultural thing .
Say you were obsessed by king penguins .
It turned out to be a critical juncture .
Five others were injured on the ground .
Pursue higher education while you can .
Nor will the effects of global warming .
I still am calling for reconciliation .
He got selected for an officer program .
Both had chips of ivory on their floors .
It can make for some delicate politics .
Police also received a similar letter .
We activated our blue lights and siren .
These proceedings are held in private .
It was a genuine homespun personality .
Funny money hybrids will be phased out .
The farms involved have not been named .
Here are six suggestions for what to do .
It was a serious subject he reminded us .
Researchers are working on all of them .
She paints about four portraits a year .
The new rules take effect immediately .
And this is going to be no mere rock show .
It gives dad brain the workout he needs .
A great leader who will be sadly missed .
A young man stood smiling in front of it .
Travis was the only family she had left .
I think she tosses and turns quite a bit .
But bank shares went on to fall sharply .
This did not make it easy to work for her .
And militants have vowed to retaliate .
Please make substitutions if you wish .
Loneliness has been mitigated by work .
And then came the levitating third act .
I was really just looking for a pattern .
His condition was described as stable .
The four other positions are part time .
They like stuff that retains its value .
The exact location was not identified .
The cellos and basses often dominated .
Stupidity reigns suprime in humanity .
There is no sweetness in these flowers .
He had won his previous four decisions .
Click here to watch video of her rescue .
But no one has identified such profits .
The nonprofit sector will be hammered .
But the threat has wider implications .
West had a more effective opening lead .
An earlier bubble is also instructive .
Huck is almost as much fun as this piece .
We will get back on track as we always do .
Planning a multigenerational vacati .
But the women were often treated badly .
And the active ingredient is aluminum .
He said there were no troop casualties .
Their gas was practically unsellable .
Should have said verbally challenged .
Many were returning when the boat sank .
They are counting on us to get this done .
Truly pathetic excuse for journalism .
But golf is not supposed to be like that .
Their youth wing is guilty of thuggery .
But the banks rejected the suggestion .
And your heirs will be thankful you did .
The shares still have great potential .
We could have just been handed the keys .
They only think what it might look like .
Fingers crossed for a little more wind .
They also were last in penalty minutes .
Thank goodness they edited this story .
They want to know who else was involved .
Duncan said the moves are encouraging .
Speed allows him to drop into coverage .
Add a pinch of salt and bring to the boil .
Conscience is the last court of appeal .
I guess no one cares about this article .
Hester has been waiting for the chance .
Orban said it would be money well spent .
Delfino made his first six field goals .
What comes next has a big question mark .
The maintenance could be complicated .
My daughters are always amazed by this .
He was taken to hospital but later died .
And somehow he has never grown cynical .
Your rant was absurd and inflammatory .
Her idea is quite simple and effective .
But we no longer live in such an economy .
Almost every sector has been affected .
Suddenly the time horizon had shifted .
Teachers carefully monitor progress .
You might have some more time to decide .
Nobody reads the small print in dreams .
The two men were later released on bail .
Another rescue will be needed shortly .
Jackson is a plenty elite place itself .
Our hero walks undaunted into the fray .
There is a clear basis for negotiation .
They have been constructed as a burden .
This is going to set us back a little bit .
It is also on the dry side of the country .
Lincoln was comfortable with discord .
Which is why talk of an election is back .
However he returned a short time later .
Osborne is good at reading the rhythms .
The gilded age of meism and excess gone .
Think of a landfill as a giant digester .
That would be discrimination by proxy .
Nor are they likely to in its aftermath .
Questions only lead to more questions .
There is good reason for the expansion .
What he prefers should not matter to us .
Even then it would be for tourists only .
This was before the overnight clashes .
So many kinds of evidence overlap here .
The deal allowed him to avoid jail time .
A security guard sustained a leg wound .
Just one in five thinks they would help .
Orange juice is loaded with potassium .
The schoolgirl has not been seen since .
Narcissists create havoc around them .
An uncreditworthy government cannot .
I can see more people leaving the hotel .
Aggies threw ice and a skirmish ensued .
An announcement is expected next week .
Also starring were the usual suspects .
His sentencing has not been scheduled .
This prompted very differing results .
You may also have peeling down the road .
His gamble has paid off spectacularly .
American respondents here mystify me .
The weather should be right for it soon .
My wife had clocked that and delivered .
And neighbors carried the wheelchair .
Think about your daily commute to work .
Oxford slips from fourth to fifth rank .
She was a presence in millions of lives .
A man in police uniform also takes part .
At both military and civilian targets .
War is the result of ignorance by fools.
Alyeska is no stranger to superiority .
Two of the recruits chose not to return .
Halloween decorations are forbidden .
Decision making is not his strong suit .
Adelson finds this detail comforting .
Hard to make compelling music that way .
I would rather not have a house payment .
The two later apologized to each other .
Now the company is pushing for changes .
The cause of the blaze was not yet known .
That cannot be allowed to happen again .
You would probably get tired before me .
Police are searching for the suspects .
Only an idiot would suggest otherwise .
The tiger consumes four chickens a day .
The debate about racial preference vs.
All eight denied conspiracy to murder .
Interest rates can only go up from here .
They seek the dead for various reasons .
She put much of her hope in refinancing .
Cameron says inequality has got worse .
They are part of the fabric of this city .
No wonder people are feeling stressed .
They were searched and fingerprinted .
He had wasted valuable energy and time .
Please include a daytime phone number .
Each offers a take on late romanticism .
Federer had tears in his eyes at the end .
A keen golfer playing the virtual game .
Some pretty good pitching of their own .
Inspect the common areas of a property .
It is definitely linked to bone health .
It was supposed to be a thing of the past .
He has not been named for legal reasons .
The view from four wheels is different .
Boland believes he can serve anywhere .
But complacency is no longer an option .
The pair have contrasting comic roots .
This is a moment to startle and to shock .
Farmers practice selective breeding .
We celebrate his work for human rights .
No damages were immediately reported .
There are expectations on every front .
Radiohead is one of my favorite groups .
And that was partly because of the hill .
That will only help worsen the problem .
Emerging markets were hit even harder .
Jordan has final say on design matters .
It turned out to be an imitation weapon .
The park is now home to six white rhinos .
Their bodies were horribly mutilated .
You are truly a hero to me and to all of us .
It left only a bit of a crust on the sugar .
All you need to do is change the caption .
But new violence erupted two years ago .
It was like photographing a male model .
Some indeed could lead men into battle .
All this for doing something they love .
Childcare vouchers are a case in point .
Children and animals need discipline .
Wonderful article and great comments .
Statewide smoking bans are now common .
A caretaker government is now in place .
No further snow is currently forecast .
They may have been executed by the army .
You cannot get the flu from eating pork .
The bottle in his waistband shattered .
It takes place in a very short timespan .
There have been no arrests in that case .
The sedan will go on sale late this year .
And then there was the research itself .
But he is not allowed to be adversarial .
Order it with extra stewed kakuni pork .
You need a friend who has a rooftop pool .
And competition may also be heating up .
Seven pregnant young women were found .
Look for thick square or round columns .
Two of the men fired shots at the victim .
The device has an impressive pedigree .
But it has been showing signs of strain .
The microbes have not been good guests .
And not a few will find them rather tame .
All their future projects are in limbo .
Cutting borrowing may be the priority .
Thanks so much for sharing them with us .
It needs to connect with earlier lines .
But this may be an unnecessary expense .
I simply sat onboard and he did the rest .
Normal life seems surreal and trivial .
No other illnesses have been reported .
Rajaratnam was not charged in the case .
Both sides have denied the assertions .
Each of us has our own reason for voting .
Each man was congratulating the other .
Staff are extraordinarily attentive .
I had always been careful with my money .
The agencies are crucial gatekeepers .
The navy did not name any of the victims .
Arrows may still be manually inserted .
He staggered out but died in the street .
It was an awkward situation all around .
And people are mad banks are doing well .
That is a lot of potential food to waste .
And that is the emblem of a great writer .
The factory was producing a prototype .
He declined to speculate on the result .
The pair split two weeks after the race .
We plan to sell the home in the next year .
It is their fifth extension in a decade .
A man has been released without charge .
The trial is set to continue next month .
Biden was not involved in the accident .
A new hospital will also be built there .
Eyebrows are the new window on the soul .
The violence here has mostly subsided .
We let them write any comments they had .
It is best to ask your hotel to call a cab .
The conversation went on over two days .
Armstrong suffered a scrape to his arm .
Williams refused and told him to leave .
And that includes uranium enrichment .
He came back out and said he did have one .
She talks about developmental delays .
Poligon translates as shooting range .
He made three others as an independent .
That deal does not cover mobile phones .
But the paternity test said otherwise .
The only way to save fuel is to go slower .
That means all dealerships will close .
There are four main components to this .
Of course you should give it another go .
Boys face different trials than girls .
But some catered to more unusual needs .
This is an abnormal frequency pattern .
Her baby was perilously close to death .
The group has continued to experiment .
Their freedom lasted only about a week .
He says he just wants to take care of her .
Armas struck out three and walked none .
It seems rude even to clear your throat .
The way to do it is start at the front end .
But he had earlier resisted such calls .
All of this is the result of a heady year .
Wilks scored two points in three games .
Her stand has drawn fierce opposition .
I love wasting my money on these felons .
I totally love and respect him for that .
And if it is on contract it is often free .
You wince and then give a reluctant nod .
Each has successfully claimed asylum .
Fishing is their main source of income .
Now it will be uses until the end of time .
We have democratised access to credit .
That can be career suicide in this town .
I ran home and found the article online .
The prosecution accepted these pleas .
And then comes a long chaser of boredom .
But there is one remarkable exception .
But there are deep rifts to be resolved .
But she offers much more than property .
They have erected screens and netting .
He waves his shirt at an imaginary bull .
There are plenty of other examples too .
In this climate that means very little .
Ticket prices have not yet been listed .
The fact that people are trying to act l .
But debate over them seems only to grow .
Police said he was released soon after .
To those who are so instantly outraged .
But not snuffing out the life of a child .
He also insists that windows be strong .
Stricker usually had to settle for par .
But the guide is only a recommendation .
Eating too fast can trigger heartburn .
He was arrested for underage drinking .
We would all like his telephone number .
The diamond has had an unusual history .
And that is the choice in this election .
I think this is an interesting comment .
Some worry this could end in deflation .
But he had to collect the money himself .
It is not an ideal thing to say to a child .
There is no question that this was true .
He also supports expanding preschool .
The doctor numbed six incision points .
Each blink of the eyelid spreads tears .
The picture is cashing in some coin too .
It is after this that things get tricky .
Great muddy lakes covered farm fields .
You have to live life without that fear .
Clinton has managed to find a gig or two .
One deputy was not present for the vote .
Boulders weighing tons block the path .
I wrote about several of them recently .
Giuliani fired her shortly afterward .
Never mind what it says about the award .
And he may have other ambitions in mind .
I heard people crying under the debris .
Other photos were equally suggestive .
It was the first such attack in the city .
There is also the issue of side effects .
Consider the second part of his thesis .
He has five goals in his last five games .
It is because that is the way it has to be .
Schwannoma tumors are usually benign .
Or even a designated hole in the ground .
This proposal has widespread support .
Wires kept her hairdo from unraveling .
The nature of the mementos has changed .
Meanwhile optimism continues to grow .
She calls it the commonsense solution .
The lumbering bird is regaining speed .
We all stood in a row like sitting ducks .
Zaeef could not be reached for comment .
They could and should have been better .
The only emissions are brackish water .
Leunge may have made one boast too many .
Some of those perceptions may be wrong .
But what we do have is great confidence .
He was convicted at a previous hearing .
It seemed like a bright idea at the time .
When to sell a show is also complicated .
Seriously choose innovative over old .
This resulted in some bizarre choices .
Woolworths has appealed the decision .
He delivered a donation from his staff .
There were no signs of force on her body .
I was going for more of a dramatic pause .
A course of action has not been decided .
No one can say that they were not warned .
But soon the byproduct became the goal .
This buys you a really rather rapid car .
Brown says the two trends may be linked .
Amis just writes so well and so freshly .
Life is too short to hate where you live .
Then she removes her stockings and bra .
Check back frequently for new stories .
The person claiming it was not is a liar .
Seven astronauts died in the accident .
Saturday was a great team performance .
He should have got ten years at the most.
Find out how it works and give feedback .
Simple flavors but a rich composition .
The question is how long this will last .
The shooting took place the next month .
The man was arrested by court bailiffs .
But the perception it gives out is poor .
But it was still a pretty innocent time .
Nitrogen is a part of all living matter .
Maybe just until the recession is over .
The effect is not as simple as it sounds .
Use buyer protection as a major reason .
Both countries are desperate for a win .
His daughter also had her car attacked .
It corrodes the character of a country .
The injured man alerted his flat mates .
Ginobili will be the man in this series .
Bending over in a corset is impossible .
But this surely took things to a new low .
It evidently feared being next in line .
This is presidential politics people .
But his friends say he has a darker side .
I wanted to add some personal reaction .
But there is another possible reading .
Glad we found out before it was too late .
It was impossible not to listen to them .
Zachary is being homeschooled for now .
The opposition may have little choice .
They have always been stupid like this .
The date of its release has not been set .
This is a dangerous misunderstanding .
But both are attempting to go past that .
He and his customers fled to a back room .
I still count myself a fan of both shows .
The clouds do have some silver linings .
A third of members check in every month .
Sterling took it all in with amazement .
The joke is people have quit listening .
Another five chairmen are endangered .
But luckily my friends keep me in order .
Toha reported her missing the next day .
The result is massive storage savings .
Hope and change were in vogue back then .
But the days of assured growth are over .
In such an atmosphere it is easy to snap .
It would be devastating to the economy .
Additional details were not provided .
My first choice is always a credit card .
People are dying of illness and hunger .
But that is not what is important for us .
Cells use glucose as a source of energy .
But his track record speaks for itself .
Just bring a bag with you from the plane .
Leaders must inspire as well as manage .
Her parents encouraged her to blend in .
They treat everybody very graciously .
It hides an inert explosive in the heel .
He did not comment on a specific threat .
Even catastrophes can be handled well .
This could have serious consequences .
Now it is the silence that is deafening .
The closest she could come was lectern .
I again would to thank these gentlemen .
The root canal was a screaming success .
There were no flower tributes or cards .
In urban areas the flow of media is fine .
The next two games also went with serve .
The best ways to exploit and protect it .
I spat in his face and began cursing him .
But it is also fascinatingly reckless .
He was treated for rib and leg injuries .
But the major awards were still to come .
It will be hard for any jury to disagree .
They are due to be questioned by police .
They also have three adopted children .
Rwanda denies being behind the mutiny .
But there were no style points at stake .
Marshall is unhappy with his contract .
It was meant to be the future of housing .
Bangs that sit on your skin can get oily .
There have been blunders along the way .
These days deception has gone digital .
And then a rather banal thing happened .
It sent my wife and me leaping out of bed .
Congress will likely not alter the law .
Changing the filter is really a breeze .
Investors today traded on those fears .
Pat a small business person on the back .
Thank you for your reply to my comments .
One woman gave birth in the parking lot .
He is asking business owners to donate .
Debate a topic that is worthy of debate .
Those in attendance clung to his words .
I never thought of you as such a booster .
Treasures are missed on a weekly basis .
It did not disclose the purchase price .
Kibaki has also done a lot for the youth .
Some politicians have woken up to this .
And if the data network drops out on you .
He was utterly candid and trustworthy .
Seven books have been released to date .
But he is allowed to live next door to me .
He was a child prodigy concert pianist .
Try placing the blame where it belongs .
Actual results may differ materially .
They also shot dead friends and family .
What they climb is a secondary concern .
The attention seemed to validate them .
Putting on a memorable show is our game .
They have been here much longer than us .
Both men are expected to recover fully .
They had no explanation for why he left .
The three are now under investigation .
Part two airs at the same time next week .
With time these paralyses can improve .
The scene in the church is such a winner .
The circumstances remain mysterious .
We are just trying to bring it to a close .
Please keep us posted as to her welfare .
She is accused of killing her daughter .
Yet the fact is that times have changed .
I can only really say how well he played .
Camcorders that can be taken anywhere .
This week we got something of an answer .
Two tickets may be purchased per order .
It has some sort of root in the abstract .
No international troops were wounded .
There have been other initiatives too .
He should have been in prison years ago .
This makes the visit highly sensitive .
The visual cues speak of a third way too .
They have abandoned that argument now .
Sanga tips and runs for another single .
But it has now turned into an addiction .
Final approval is expected next month .
She directed much of the video herself .
It is now time to deliver on the promise .
Some aid has filtered into the country .
Researchers followed them over a year .
It has billionaires and big ambitions .
Wossy is nowhere near the naughty step .
Prosecutors never filed such charges .
That work has still not been completed .
Maybe this is the year her luck changes .
We hear about them and want to know more .
But at some point these beliefs change .
It is true that he refused a knighthood .
But the times give us the movies we need .
Tell the chef you want it medium or rare .
Eventually the fundamentals will out .
Add chicken and smother with marinade .
The companies he mentioned are rivals .
So this is a serious change in strategy .
It took another month to get a response .
Just try a lake height regulation weir .
That might take more time to determine .
He begged the young man not to continue .
Occasionally some substance crept in .
By its nature the pro game moves faster .
A moving and interesting delineation .
Nineteen percent were lost to jaguars .
Some students sewed their mouths shut .
But that would be revisionist history .
Etter compared the debris to confetti .
It always has been and it always will be .
Washington has lost its sense of shame .
The couple wept as they were sentenced .
More of the time was spent playing fish .
She had no comment on the licensing law .
The volunteers there were also upbeat .
Maybe thats what you are talking about .
All but two of the staff will be paid off .
The defendant was remanded in custody.
Then it drove a few meters and exploded .
I bet your blog is a real feverish treat .
Terms of the accord were not disclosed .
There is one piece of encouraging news .
Just come by and hang out for a day or two .
That is why she is hired to front brands .
We are praying and praying and praying .
Bunch of false idol worshipping fools .
The driver stopped after the accident .
You also discuss accepting the moment .
Each team took turns with early surges .
In many ways people just demanded less .
This is not a weakness in their armoury .
But the welcome was not unconditional .
She said nobody was wearing seatbelts .
We wanted to lose ourselves for a while .
Sarid said his father was not involved .
It may contribute in still another way .
A lot of that confidence is unthinking .
But there is another reason for the ban .
Marchionne shed layers of management .
And so we come to the care system itself .
But it might be time for a reassessment .
A mass strike is to take place next week .
He is survived by his wife and daughter .
Syria also criticized the deployment .
Some have moved to other sham colleges .
She was one regardless of her politics .
Calls to club owners were not returned .
Casting for the film was not announced .
They are also carry the greatest loads .
The process could take several months .
The law on blasphemy is now rarely used .
And there were numerous other players .
The student section let out a big cheer .
Such schemes have since been outlawed .
Alexander plucks the ball from the air .
Saturday morning the city was in shock .
Santoro relished the occasion hugely .
Much of the service sector is exempted .
Click here for pictures of the fake ads .
He was a stickler for the process of law .
Graham also attended the family event .
And this is where the story gets darker .
A lot of decisions have gone against us .
Ging says schooling has also suffered .
Better a dead man than the alternative .
We are all in this great big melting pot .
It was set deliberately by an arsonist .
Bring to a boil and reduce until syrupy .
The dispute centred on pay and job cuts .
This is not a game for the faint of heart .
But the superdelegates are resisting .
Still the dining room is largely empty .
Most have gashes or cuts on their heads .
The court upheld its earlier decision .
Walking is perhaps the easiest answer .
And they have to limit their ambitions .
Some of those reports are due this week .
She has been through this drill before .
We are the ones keeping a log of the dead .
School choice has much to recommend it .
Hydrogen is produced but it can be used .
She was pregnant with their second son .
But you also need to step back just a bit .
Pull the plug on overseas outsourcing .
He told them to tell his wife to remarry .
The agreement is subject to a physical .
He said he would continue campaigning .
There should be massive deportations .
Our flexible friends are turning on us .
Heard the same from colleagues at work .
We have not seen much of that happening .
The dawn of a new internet age has begun .
Did he bother to tell them to pray at all .
Ivanovic played in the late afternoon .
Rifles and bullets rattled as they ran .
Liberalism is truly a mental disorder .
I was told no before that ever occurred .
It may help to lower your expectations .
Ground coffee is available in regular.
There are plenty of ills to worry about .
He is the divorced father of a young son .
There is a chirp of pewits and crows caw .
A customer was wounded in the shoulder .
This attack could have been prevented .
That this happened at all is bad enough .
There is tension due to disagreements .
Anything less is a travesty of justice .
But in terms of size it is easily beaten .
Some of the old folkies were sceptical .
The survivors did not know one another .
The question is how we can improve them .
The whole bottom drops out of the story .
Nothing satisfies like decluttering .
He declined to give his name and hung up .
The actor is battling prostate cancer .
The silver fish fork falls to the floor .
The man who said that was a good student .
It took another three weeks to install .
Karadzic was given the rank of general .
Interest is likely to come from abroad .
Text messages are another way to tweet .
None of them had licences or insurance .
That approach is not without its risks .
Ultimately we could even both be wrong .
For two months his confidence brimmed .
It is the tearing down of our democracy .
Yet ignoring the future is also costly .
I feel the same about this as the iphone .
In fact the event is planned in advance .
But most funds are down significantly .
But not all are on their hands and knees .
India imports most of its energy needs .
Some are not sure what really happened .
The local newspaper would do a feature .
Each one takes it in turns to be in vogue .
Ruth makes a glass heart as a sculpture .
And he has not ruled out a little skiing .
Yet it would be wrong to be too sanguine .
He said the incident would be reviewed .
Waitrose supplies the organic veg box .
His lawyer declined to be interviewed .
It would work on a few different levels .
The harbor looks like a scene of tumult .
It was almost as if she felt invincible .
How much is going to be up to publishers .
My parents dropped me off at the hostel .
The government shuttered each in turn .
And his mother still washes his shirts .
And those pilots need additional work .
He had already put off the visit by a day .
Quizz has even thrown a touchdown pass .
His two sisters are studying pharmacy .
They hang out and chase girls together .
The fat pigs are wallowing in our money .
Like not having family photos with you .
There were reports of several arrests .
She is expected to make a full recovery .
Its slide has pressured energy stocks .
I am not in any way ethically against it .
Civil rights should not be put to a vote .
What an absolutely hysterical coward .
But fiscal stimulus is now all the rage .
This is why we have the mortgage crisis .
But there are political limits to that .
The picture was shot in a shopping mall .
Check out the first five comments or so .
Beats making another trip to the store .
Violence is as common as breathing now .
Oakwood had read the report on the case .
Consumers are starting to fall behind .
I think this is a better use of you money.
There are reasons for this lack of data .
It is not confirmed they have the virus .
It may sound like an infomercial pitch .
Flint is trying to chart its own course .
The program is about infant mortality .
How to overcome things in your own life .
Everyone else can fend for themselves .
Some oligarchs may become minigarchs .
This is not a backup or offline archive .
Titles are noted in parentheses below .
Our economic fundamentals are strong .
Georgetown controlled the game early .
Lawmakers also praised the agreement .
Her husband carried the bag in that one .
There would be no more jobs for the boys .
So think about that as you are in prison .
He survived after being hospitalized .
Thank you for your ongoing compassion .
Flintoff is inching towards recovery .
This was a mystery family history tour .
I feel so very much better informed now .
Pour over the milk and stir in the sugar .
Is it not that they serve a higher cause .
Many of them wept and hugged each other .
The police had yet to come up with a name .
Doing business in a haven is expensive .
They got dependent on big gas guzzlers .
They decided to do a very small wedding .
We might go to the cinema in the evening .
The problem lies in the outlying areas .
But the two sides are not very far apart .
Good luck to their clients this winter .
Of course doctors must be accountable .
A winner will be announced next summer .
Tennis does not give us a clear picture .
Her husband is being held without bail .
Voters are still making up their minds .
The fates of the other five are unknown .
Please dont talk about being bankrupt .
Norton says the digging must continue .
That fuelled the global credit bubble .
There are economic incentives as well .
Franken steers clear of the courtroom .
Those players are long gone to the pros .
She has canvassed and knocked on doors .
They just have different uniforms now .
One photographer went to the hospital .
Just give the people the help they need .
Dozens more were buried in a mass grave .
But the affluent are eyeing the car too .
And the irony of my life is that they did .
The project is not the first of its kind .
But police did not confirm that report .
Patriotism never tasted so delicious .
His shoulders lifted and then dropped .
He dropped the knife and she grabbed it .
They show up on time for therapy groups .
The police union disputes that figure .
Morphoses does have a provisional air .
Motorists were urged to avoid the area .
Disney has its moviemaking hands full .
Yet you rarely hear any news from there .
She counted three women in one picture .
The homeowner and her dog were outside .
The pilot delivered a safety briefing .
Absinthe was once said to be addictive .
Tennis uses innovation in other areas .
Is this coverage of a tagger as an artis .
What we need to do is tax every religion .
But you have to think about priorities .
This is not an attempt to assign credit .
Many critics ripped both new releases .
His statement was completely sincere .
The first couple of hours are glorious .
He said the case would be investigated .
They make allies and then forsake them .
A bank spokesman confirmed the figure .
But no espionage case was ever brought .
But many other faiths are represented.
No injuries were reported in the crash .
The blaze was contained within an hour .
Her injuries are not life threatening .
Then came revisions and proofreading .
The couple says it may be worth the wait .
Tighter rules on mortgages may follow .
It marked the first climb in six months .
But yes that seems more likely than not .
The complaint has a familiar ring to it .
That fairy tale is yet to be determined .
Decide on a clear editorial hierarchy .
Except it cannot get the staff it needs .
Before that no one was given residuals .
Outback ruggedness begins from birth .
His defeat no longer seems inevitable .
I am sure there parents wont feel proud .
Almost everybody has it to some degree .
Take out any weak or crossing branches .
They had been unable to find a taxi home .
There was still a film over the left eye .
We all know where that defense got them .
It seemed like just the place for a will .
They can test and evaluate themselves .
Light scattering happens all the time .
Upmystreet is just one example of this .
At least there were no weapons visible .
Tommy would not show his face on camera .
The truth is more accessible then ever .
Planes begin to feel like a second home .
He will also meet meet senior officers .
Zito did not make the playoff rotation .
Bond prices fell in overnight trading .
Words cannot express the pain we are in .
Things are different this time around .
He takes a wife who he is ecstatic about .
Other schools might like to do the same .
He has said two workers have been fired .
Players took the game quite seriously .
This is about as dumb a survey as it gets .
I hope that the other body isnt your dad .
Jungmann struck out six and walked one .
Greenberg has also denied wrongdoing .
Pinter and their son remain estranged .
But not everyone has been immobilised .
Pass through a fine sieve and set aside .
He should know what he is talking about .
Make a new one but use an alias this time .
The track record is not very good so far .
We have the same interests in the world .
I got to catch a couple of games that way .
Another option is higher tuition fees .
Both are upright and still on the track .
Police want to hear from any witnesses .
The couple have two children together .
Clearly these are words he now regrets .
Anyway we need nuclear not coal anyway .
The only limiting factor is the supply .
The problem is that none of that is true .
We might just be bouncing along a floor .
We trace the line from there to cutting .
He is so insightful for someone his age .
It ruins your floor and upsets the fish .
I just want a starting point to help out .
At least three scenarios are feasible .
Former mining villages followed suit .
For he possesses a sharp cricket brain .
They are now faced with the issue again .
They happily viewed the footage twice .
But it took a while to attract interest .
Posted on her comments on her pictures .
She has not been charged with any crime .
The second man was expected to recover .
He was with the team for less than a year .
The names are blacked out in the report .
Half were committed using air weapons .
And everyone abuses us below and stuff .
Talk the kids through this beforehand .
Eventually she followed her guru east .
Rugby can be overcomplicated at times .
Two people were injured in the strikes .
Analyze what makes the piece powerful .
These are the biggest explosions ever .
No vehicles were on the road at the time .
They roll toward me in perpetual waves .
The problem is not limited to military .
Powerful social pressures are at work .
The farm work ethic has served him well .
It is going to be crowded in the cockpit .
The special had a bit of a troubled past .
The nurse alerted health authorities .
He said he had drunk eight or nine beers .
It has also moved into other countries .
Crying and seeming to be so upset still .
This is a powder that you mix with water .
Perhaps it depends where you come from .
But images really do haunt and shape us .
He actually was dressed as a superhero .
The dogs work two days on and one day off .
Now they rail against anything that is .
The allegations left many astonished .
The first thing needed is to be is young .
Franklin shared that disappointment .
A thorough investigation is under way .
That was worse than analysts expected .
Three have so far called for such a move .
She was subjected to regular beatings .
The soft bigotry of high expectations .
The white man was lying on the pavement .
Get adequate rest during your travels .
But even amateurs are a reason to worry .
People scream and faint at his rallies .
I remember thinking it was a risky move .
But the fate of the treaty is uncertain .
To this he would probably plead guilty .
The bad situation could be here to stay .
Nabarro said much more needs to be done .
Tourism remains strictly controlled .
Gordon makes a peculiar wailing noise .
Surely he will be as wrong now as before .
He hopes to eventually become a doctor .
Even then his reputation preceded him .
Fans were relieved as much as anything .
Race is yet another matter to consider .
She then heard two smaller explosions .
Both denied causing harm to the babies .
Prices may vary at your time of booking.
Calleros said a handgun was recovered .
The process pollutes the water supply .
You may have to take a big risk to win big .
Others claim their studio is their art .
Coughlin was gregarious and animated .
Nonetheless she is expected to back it .
It had nothing to do with wins or titles .
Her hair is also longer and more shaped .
We also rely on family who live close by .
He became remarkable by living so long .
Some people will say let him have one go .
I am quite confident in our own ability .
Perhaps it will come up this afternoon .
Nergal remains a devoted blasphemist .
It is halving the deficit in four years .
She said there was no sign of them at all .
Female soldiers are ready for warfare .
Lawil copes with the trauma by working .
Both pursuits are dependent on nature .
Both men will be sentenced in two weeks .
The hearing was closed to journalists .
Our reproductive choices are eroding .
Never leave home without pen and paper .
Yet something was clearly nagging him .
Conservatives denounced that report .
He said no dependable estimates exist .
As for eating animal fats and proteins .
His own party kills the rescue package .
Time to pay the price of climate change .
Not traits a politician would admit to .
More help is on the way for ailing banks .
It is miserly to expect such treatment .
I think we all dreaded a real stalemate .
Zuma did not mention a possible summit .
She was pronounced dead by paramedics .
A tree surrounded by hurricane debris .
There is clearly room for improvement .
Starzl will also be there to greet them .
Many family courts operate in private .
But she still loves the thoroughbreds .
She had all her friends helping her out .
All passengers were evacuated safely .
And energy for lighting will be halved .
What a great way for a con to delay death .
It may now be stuffed and put on display .
His persona as a performer may be crude .
Glad to read your clarification fifty .
But the court can then dismiss the case .
She was found dead there at the weekend .
Ivanovic was upset in the second round .
And they come in many sizes and colours .
She fidgeted with a tissue in her hands .
Congress should resist that pressure .
At least two people were reported dead .
The shooter then fled the scene on foot .
I would suggest you take that approach .
Six or so mortar rounds landed close by .
I wondered why my wife was glaring at me .
He had pleaded not guilty on all counts .
There is no money to pay demonstrators .
No one is going to take away your rights .
That number has cost us football games .
Knobbly knees and love handles appear .
The sessions were behind closed doors .
His list of achievements goes on and on .
Liberals are paying little attention .
We feel they are a place between worlds .
Overseas markets mostly moved higher .
Now many people are cycling that route .
He then lit it with a cigarette lighter .
Beat together the egg and golden syrup .
Government must live within its means .
Birth defects have also been reported .
Rarely did we come across other groups .
This has been coming for a long time now .
We will remain one for some time to come .
We based the claim on a number of points .
You want to create a safe neighborhood .
Sarkozy regards it as only a beginning .
All five are bearded and bespectacled .
This is true for both bubbles and busts .
The pull out will be slow and difficult .
Man knocks on door seeking assistance .
Today shops openly sell spy equipment .
The litany of injustice is depressing .
Now that pet concern had become a cause .
And the policeman did become as her son .
The others offer only streaming video .
He declined to give their names or ages .
Foye had one pass end up in the front row .
But the still rings ruined his chances .
Our government could stop it tomorrow .
Drew followed with his second home run .
He did not take his medication with him .
Fascinating debate over lunch at work .
Johnson must take stock in the same way .
Things that get you beaten up at school .
Most of those men were chronic smokers .
But are they just the designer handbag .
And those scenarios also are numerous .
Erlendur has an admirable doggedness .
His family questions that conclusion .
It has also cut its marketing spending .
Schools were closed every now and then .
Some use electronic currency readers .
Paulson was in an unenviable position .
But he said she plays the lottery often .
Knights are supposed to be men of honor .
The home has to be used for personal use .
Now he keeps his studies firmly at home .
Sunglasses and sun block not included .
To discover one so small is a major coup .
My girlfriend of six months is a smoker .
Drywall should contain mostly gypsum .
The car fires are under investigation .
Do some research and know your options .
He has even more product pitching left .
There is also an irony to recent events .
They said they would send the boat back .
He will be sidelined two to three weeks .
Roughhousing sometimes led to brawls .
Mets fan will know the decision he made .
Judges are human and can make mistakes .
So by the end they seem merely a gimmick .
The jury returned a narrative verdict .
You sow the wind you reap the whirlwind .
My guess is there are two other reasons .
I saw it in previews and it was horrible .
Now he wants to control our food supply .
We scooted by the market on the way back .
My mother took care of things like that .
I am not being hyperbolic or grandiose .
That is not remotely the case this year .
The novel is a paean to the end of empire .
It appears that this person has rabies .
The report is due to be published today .
Thom struggles with feelings of shame .
She wanted to teach elementary school .
Murtha also has denied any wrongdoing .
Apologizing for calling does not help .
It kind of all started with my contract .
Benefit trusts are not new to the union .
Perhaps it is not too late to advise her .
This is a particularly modern problem .
She initially thought it was a tornado .
They must serve a minimum of five years .
A fifth defendant is still being tried .
Nurses expected her to die within days .
They are also colossal energy wasters .
A furlough refers to time off from work .
The public finances are in a poor state .
You can turn that debt into a lucrative .
This was not just any old relationship .
For a moment it seems they have lost her .
That turbanned farter sounds my alarm .
The assault was not reported to police .
The competition was second after that .
School today seems kind of terrifying .
Women get together and do other things .
He had called for a boycott of the polls .
We knew things were bad but not that bad .
The flu has reached several countries .
The small white points are the vaccine .
Jackson was declared dead in hospital .
It is not yet known how the fire started .
But this has not stemmed a growing tide .
People shuffle in here as a last resort .
The driver of the lorry was not injured .
All three are also charged with affray .
But not all of her siblings did the same .
She also has faced legal difficulties .
The broken fingernails of dirty hands .
Everybody was glued to the television .
But he lost reelection two years later .
The passion for the game runs deep here .
Behind him were the pool and the horses .
Construction is a dangerous business .
Musical instruments are so yesterday .
Stick to exposing our political spivs .
There are really three fights going on .
Police were not available for comment .
Bread hangs for sale in bakery windows .
The shares have been too cheap all year .
Both of these projects are on schedule.
No other punches appeared to be thrown .
Barcoding is not without controversy .
Then came name complaints from abroad .
We can be wrong about the rich meetings .
It emerged she had seen a female friend .
Risk was systematically underpriced .
Two women and two men lived at the house .
The biggest surprise still awaited us .
Now that is something to be upset about .
Speer was immediately choppered away .
The plant itself has been a global star .
No one has been arrested for the murder .
It could have been so tossed off and bad .
It is now due for completion next month .
The exact amount had not been released .
Applied psychology can never be clean .
Brooks was quick to urge some patience .
Suckers also grow from upper branches .
Truly break some museological ground .
Apocalypse continues to have a future .
Monkeys would not accept being our kin .
Many parents kept their children home .
Take care of important medical issues .
I learnt that my sins could be redeemed .
Your points are well made and accurate .
But actually it is none of these things .
Weigh in with your thoughts on our blog .
Other countries continue to struggle .
Chisholm finishes the peppermint tea .
This is not such a fanciful suggestion .
He refused to discuss further details .
Time for grown up political decisions .
But the habit is moving up the age range .
He survived because he is a great actor .
But that is only part of a wider picture .
Your work feels very real and personal .
He would behave in that way constantly .
Only natural beds are protected by law .
He is survived by their three children .
I just expressed my agreement quietly .
It has been a long battle back to health .
Many were certain the hotel was bugged .
They were born with one umbilical cord .
There were two appreciative chuckles .
If only the foibles were funny foibles .
This level of exhaustion is dangerous .
The adoption guru brings her work home .
We hope he eases up as the season goes on .
We have enough troops around the world .
Rub off any rough edges with sandpaper .
The buzz from that was mostly positive .
Soon they may sell more there than here .
There is a hearing in the case tomorrow .
The wheels dug in and the rolling began .
I believe that history is against them .
But that is alienating its supporters .
Temper versus tantrum on the sideline .
For now it seems likely it will stay out .
We have to trust he is telling the truth .
See a timeline of nuclear disarmament .
I would love to have seen the cello stra .
No further information was available .
Bynum even showed a physical presence .
The driver was treated for chest pains .
Any other plan is just fiddling around .
At the same time a mobile phone went off .
We will study the proposals carefully.
The theory fits well for the dinosaurs .
Or when leading any sort of double life .
Two of the men are in serious condition .
Sredoje was convicted on seven counts .
We are going to spend the night in a tree .
The wait staff is friendly and helpful .
This remains a highly charged war zone .
Corporate dealmaking ground to a halt .
I can feel the frustration taking hold .
No one can blame him for calling it a day .
One photo does not a relationship make .
Others were legal but morally dubious .
The products look pretty much the same .
We need to get rid of the rotten eggs now .
There is more than one way to play a game .
Some states have taken a gentler route .
We all have black sheep in our families .
They bought a new home and rented it out .
College is a given for almost everyone .
Major roads in both cities were closed .
How wonderfully brave both of them are .
Heavy rain is forecast for the weekend .
No formal motive was ever established .
He started to plunge toward the ground .
But here are some insurers who can help .
The company has always denied bribery .
Teach your children to be independent .
He literally sleeps through the movie .
Trial of protesters seems only to hurt .
All he had to do was stroke the ball home .
But in other subjects he lagged behind .
He too sells honey in the state capital .
Then he starts to make calls about fish .
The fate of the other eight was unclear .
Duncan missed all four of his attempts .
Europe thinking together is one thing .
The country itself is tough on the body .
Hugo told the naysayers the same thing .
They certainly cause a lot of problems .
He has already indicated he would do so .
The results puzzled some specialists .
Only a handful of offers were rejected .
It was loud and unapologetic and vocal .
I looked down and could see it was blood .
The same goes for socks and gym clothes .
They can vote for the rich or fair taxes .
The thoughts of all turned to tomorrow .
Other remake attempts had gone astray .
I staggered through the rest of the day .
Maybe they thought it was already done .
There is honour even among warmongers .
They rarely quote the rest of sentence .
The guard and three others were killed .
I can find better deals than they offer .
You have to travel between those shows .
You could always have covered the logo .
It was sure to be a money loser for years .
No grimacing solos or rehearsed rants .
Of course not or it would be law already.
My skin is smoother and my eyes clearer .
The latter involves wisdom and advice .
I welcome reports from other trainees .
Chastity can only be taught by a parent .
Saddam agreed to let the westerners go .
His mood is still surprisingly upbeat .
Even communities are jumping on board .
There are two obvious reasons for this .
It happened to my special needs cousin .
They also needed to replumb and rewire .
China could have its cake and eat it too .
Both assumptions are severely flawed .
Better plan on an early dinner tonight .
But they no doubt are enjoying this one .
Freeman has undergone two operations .
Such is the power of market psychology .
European shares were modestly higher .
The licence fee itself is under attack .
It has not given details on those plans .
The republicans could learn from this .
His grandson was arrested the next day .
All the terrifying fears disappeared .
He was taken to hospital but died later .
Others grovel and beg for forgiveness .
The audience applauded both extremes .
There was not a tackle in the first half .
His journey was not altogether smooth .
The global economy faces leaner times .
Because the rulers interfere too much .
The procedure is not straightforward .
Federer looks profoundly frustrated .
Food is way down her list of priorities .
I even wondered about applying myself .
Nearly all said they planned to attend .
He has a talent for drawing intimacies .
This is really not all that miraculous .
Prosecutors were also investigating .
State buses ferried many to the square .
Take half and boost the emergency fund .
It all seemed so outrageous at the time .
An official there declined to comment .
He said the ice rink had since reopened .
They wander among palazzos and canals .
There should be more outrage over this .
Kraft told himself along the back nine .
That is what everyone needs to do today .
Sudan is not one of its constituencies .
Initial reaction from outside was icy .
It turned out that perfume was to blame .
But you need to see something in return .
And the government would not shut down .
I keep wondering how this all happened .
We have all the action covered tonight .
It also has ample scope for decoration .
Ask any manager and he will say the same .
I was surprised at how pale a blue it was .
She refused to comment when contacted .
Call it a product of political turmoil .
Ensuring that other marines survived .
He worked briefly on a local newspaper .
No one can say exactly what is in sludge .
She is survived by her son and daughter .
I was one of two full professors to do so .
The other great thing was the ballroom .
And taxpayers are now footing the bill .
I like it as it is so calm and considered .
But there are other possible culprits .
Another deus ex machina is not in sight .
Torre seemed to throw in the towel then .
We sow the seeds of our own destruction .
The banking culture was far too greedy .
This is the reason they are going under .
Forces my mouth to say terrible things .
He had time for anybody who spoke to him .
It has an unusual corporate structure .
The children are telling us something.
Leggings can substitute for fishnets .
Mindless fashion following is boring .
It was a draining evening well managed .
Another winner from our liberal state .
You want to be that thing but you are not .
I send him my love through the universe .
Bilal and the others made a secret plan .
He provided no specific dollar figure .
The obvious one is unfair competition .
Things seemed bleak at various points .
Hulu is losing two of its biggest stars .
Some camp sessions have been canceled .
You really save the zinger for the last .
Bair says the baby has now been located .
But this could be too tough a challenge .
Every student is now on a college track .
Leftist leaders are taking no chances .
Baked bean and white bread sandwiches .
Outpatients clinics are open as usual .
Voter turnout was as expected very low .
The environmental benefits are clear .
The chess player analyzed his options .
He has never met his youngest daughter .
Thanks for the trip down memory tracks .
Some people are natural storytellers .
That alone scores him points in my book .
He was the top student in four subjects .
His rise is remarkable in its own right .
We seem to be missing that bitty detail .
I saw it as my job to make my mother laugh .
The choreographer has not been chosen .
It led to a brief verbal confrontation .
The other great attraction is the food .
It will clear the land of all remaining .
But he is a veteran of the snow shuttles .
There are only bad and less bad options .
This process has in fact already begun .
Khan was outraged by the relationship .
Sorry if my space bends you out of shape .
Sarkozy wanted to know what had gone on .
Giuliani as president truly scares me .
And that is entirely down to the adults .
You are less likely to outgrow someone .
Aside from the digital vs analog issue .
The idea here is to fend off a recession .
Either way the new posts will be otiose .
Our meeting got off to an awkward start .
But it upheld other parts of the search .
All technology comes down to software .
This is a series that ought to be missed .
He has record to run on next time around .
I think he lived his life to the fullest .
They ran the feet off their opposition .
He was caught with less than a mile left .
There were some surprises on the night .
There could be better quality control .
On our estimates this seems premature .
They drove on down the darkened street .
At least wash your hands before typing .
Abortion is not a form of birth control .
Declarer erred in ruffing the diamond .
These rules are unlikely to alter that .
I had better results at smaller stores .
Popular or not popular does not matter .
The cars were boxy and hair was rampant .
There are still points to be played for .
The driver of the truck was not injured .
King was given pain pills and sent home .
There were many good shows this season .
Howland is already skating on thin ice .
You are now doing battle with yourself .
Smith insisted the sex was consensual .
They might have somethign to teach you .
A woman should have the right to choose .
But now the man in the box is giving it up .
The treatment rooms smell like arnica .
Yet both are the focus of local dislike .
The faithful are politically engaged .
He claimed all the dead were civilians .
I love these characters and the series .
He would have been able to get any woman .
But things may not be quite as they seem .
So take advantage of this while you can .
He had suffered a fall over the weekend .
I have a question rather than an answer .
Each was also fined an undisclosed sum .
Thats good for them and for our country .
The blame game was starting in earnest .
I honestly go through a day of mourning .
I lost my partner tragically last year .
But there were two holdouts on the jury .
As a spectacle it is not at all edifying .
It was not a good day for the organisers .
She saved a final burst for the sprints .
The veterans are demanding an apology .
Clothes can be overbearing sometimes .
And he had not mentioned a word about it .
Not everyone has the same experiences .
Lithium is found in rocks and sea water .
Several hotel workers can also be seen .
The other two said they voted for guilt .
I do think there is a resolve in the team .
He was literally shot down in his prime .
He had been moved out of intensive care .
I felt the novel was a bit misogynistic .
He was just waiting for it all to be over .
There is no compensation and no appeal .
Then came that huge burst of fireworks .
He says he wants direct talks next year .
But most will reluctantly vote for him .
The organisers are aware of the issues .
The goal is to unfreeze credit markets .
Avoiding a stern look is probably best .
They arranged for food and hotel rooms .
They have yet to meet those conditions .
The problem can be found and corrected .
Downtown hotels were quickly filling .
Things here are going to have to come ba .
Make sure older children stay in touch .
There was not a strategy or the details .
It definitely helps you deal with that .
Obama said his family had to come first .
The teens explained what had happened .
Whether it will do so remains to be seen .
He did not once use the word withdrawal .
Do be sure to cook the cauliflower well .
He recalls an early breakthrough case .
There was a sense of fluid development .
She and her bride talk almost every day .
Cordoba did not comment on the message .
The electability issue cuts both ways .
This tendency has an ancient pedigree .
Witnesses are asked to contact police .
There is a central irony about the euro .
The purpose of her visit remains vague .
I know your still here watching over us .
England win the toss and will bat first .
People that were in time at the airport .
Or they can be more mundane activities .
He gets a bit twitchy if we print the lot.
Classrooms are on the top three floors .
The two countries are joined at the hip .
Hardin called the lawsuit a money grab .
Foreign companies are doing a lot here .
The risk is it could end up with neither .
All the parties must be more assertive .
Others departed for the train station .
I doubt too many people would be able to .
This is her story of life with diabetes .
Stewart himself has said he leans left .
Just now he is trying too hard to please .
Munoz declined to comment on the delay .
Exactly how much depends on who you ask .
Yet the crisis has had a bracing effect .
No suspect has been caught in that case .
No wonder it puts aspiring drivers off .
You need some new games for the new year .
Today was one of the best days of my life .
Sunlight streams through the windows .
He died shortly afterward in hospital .
There are a number of possible reasons .
It has been rejected three times so far .
Count the beer panel among both groups .
But not everyone wants detainees here .
I would be wary of putting a limit on him .
The other major problem was the ending .
None of the experiments really worked .
This is not a comparison of atrocities .
Musicians usually expect higher fees .
I think people are angry at themselves .
Their conflicts began with the script .
Not that this is altogether a bad trend .
A car and other items were also removed .
He said he wore no protective clothing .
The disheveled dad stops in his tracks .
Four of the breaks came in the third set .
Moronuki denied that shots were fired .
Link to other blogs and place comments .
I have no regrets and still enjoy my job .
The key is putting a limit on the reward .
Many more are thought to go unreported .
It still leaves audiences speechless .
The grunts in the field get the message .
That decision has been controversial .
Next year the recession will bite hard .
You can still get damage on a cloudy day .
Clearly this line of thinking is silly .
Obama is going to destroy this country .
Requests for financial aid increased .
Chancellor had nothing to worry about .
It was a good lesson in problem solving .
Bring a third and fourth guest for free .
His shortcomings have long been clear .
Friday as the sales staff closed deals .
Deal with taxi drivers as residents do .
It has proved to be a recipe for success .
Police are hunting for three other men .
This allows me to cook with the seasons .
Schild failed to finish the second run .
But the president quashed the concept .
Mandy is thrilled to learn she is first .
Thousands of workers were jettisoned .
Congress overwhelmingly backed this .
And she seems to be right on both counts .
Getting off the list is more difficult .
But people have other considerations .
Most of these are composed of water ice .
More tax increases are in the pipeline .
The appeal he is dropping is his second .
Some politicians support a reduction .
He resisted the temptation to steer it .
They put their hands over their hearts .
Her mood subsequently improved no end .
But razzmatazz is not really his thing .
Ruth claims it all began a long time ago .
There are similar problems every year .
His youngest is a sophomore in college .
The tree then crashed on to a parked car .
Even the results season has been mixed .
Byrne also has a handle on the classics .
Four men have been charged with murder .
No doubt they will tell me again one day .
Many hospital units already have them .
Lacroix does use superlative fabrics .
He then turned and fled into the jungle .
Top advisers point to several factors .
Obama has warned not to bet against him .
I did threaten to get blond extensions .
Poland avoided recession altogether .
Senate approval is seen as a formality .
It was blamed on errors in its handling .
Maradona did not disappoint them then .
A fight over these plans is inevitable .
People change and so do circumstances .
They are needed to meet energy demands .
She lasted ten minutes on the first one .
Scoop out of the pan and keep to one side .
They were due to expire after this year .
The timing could not be more delicious .
The problem he had was really one of age .
Abdul says both invaders arrested him .
She gets to stop the show all by herself .
Even he knew a crime had been committed .
You can be a producer and have children .
We follow every medical twist and turn .
The man was released a short time later .
The family has significantly changed .
But he knows what he wants it to achieve .
Their reservoirs produce toxic algae .
The one big issue that remains is visas .
Next will be a long lanyard and harness .
We have taken all that is precious to us .
The pants carry a broken cherry stripe .
He might have a little bit of a tired arm .
They planned to cook after they arrive .
The content does not reflect the cover .
The wheels of justice can grind slowly .
Never in four weeks had the sharks left .
Here is a transcript of that interview .
Establishing a proper home would help .
Get up to speed from the moment you rise .
But politicians have connived in this .
I think there should be more induction .
Then they decided to take the next step .
Everyone else will have to wait and see .
Other factors might have played a part .
She just lacked any sparkle yesterday .
Place the strawberries in a large bowl .
The episode starts with a lot of filler .
The media has yet to touch on this issue .
I oppose taxpayer funding of abortion .
Taste and adjust seasoning as desired .
A cautious conservatism was apparent .
The orchestra has had a rough few years .
I have younger wives to spend time with .
That pension should have been stopped .
Guided tours are available on request .
But it is happening to a new generation .
Miele designed the house as a glass box .
He is first and foremost a power runner .
The coffins were covered with flowers .
His political critics have cried foul .
Such work has never been more critical .
So far the vote is running neck and neck .
A woman who was thrown from the bus died .
He can fight for the future step by step .
Authorities continue to investigate .
Even in spite of some disappointments .
My concern about this is pretty simple .
You are prettier than you think you are .
Watson nicks a single and not a lot else .
The three others remain unidentified .
She found him charming and mysterious .
Her husband works at two supermarkets .
The train itself is standing room only .
The neutrino program suffered delays .
That was the last time he touched a girl .
It was a symbol of the fight for freedom .
Then all the big farm machines came out .
He said nonprofit counselors can help .
The trial could last at least two weeks .
That amount could not same the company .
Some fish populations look healthier .
Nor is it easy to believe it ever will be .
Nobody is more important to us than him .
He then touched the side of her breasts .
Perhaps you should consult a hedgehog .
The images shone with optimism and wit .
But the figures mask a modest recovery .
Check your local listings for air time .
His unscripted thoughts can be sloppy .
There was a straw bed and a wicker chair .
Yet civilian deaths continue to mount .
A dead fly can spoil the most exquisite .
The risks cannot easily be overstated .
Apologies for the brief outage ealier .
Not biologically and not practically .
Clement made up for it in the second set .
Many people fled homes and businesses .
When it comes to that you need to refuse .
These words make me feel a little safer .
It was my ritual before being put to bed .
He will stay on as chairman of the board .
It does come down to the stimulus today .
Police are appealing for information .
The rumor has been widely discredited .
This in itself tells us several things .
It was unclear where her injuries were .
Her body was taken to a nearby hospital .
Follow down steps and through car park .
I am now looking forward to my tax audit .
A smile is almost as good as a handshake .
But your husband search seems shallow .
And whoever has the money has the power .
And no signs oil prices are coming down .
The researchers sawed a few teeth open .
I never said that our system was better .
Their punishment is a slap on the wrist .
Hold it up as if it were in the switch box .
To some extent this is understandable .
I thought bits and pieces would be done .
China is the doggy that will never bark .
I very much enjoy your columns and blog .
Heat enough oil in a pan for deep frying .
Vietnam would suggest the answer is no .
Scolari accepted his fate with a smile .
But crossing the city can be dangerous .
This may reflect their embarrassment .
It never made much money from the sport .
We have had breast cancer in our family .
Hybrid services represent one tactic .
They also worry that reforms may stall .
Jobs has been on an extended sick leave .
Please leave the beer pong cups at home .
Friday were not immediately returned .
She answered yes and was denied the job .
We just felt we had been given some hope .
They took a camera and stole bank cards .
And there is a sudden global emergency .
Its reggae inflections can be galling .
This would lead to a sizable advantage .
Put your answers in the comments below .
No serious side effects were reported .
Or just drink bottles of the real thing .
And she almost had two songs in the film .
The two are apparently on better terms .
Dad was miserable and wanted to go home .
Bowman faced troubles beyond the rink .
Imagine my surprise at this situation .
We run those we feel are entitled to run .
He was sentenced to three years in jail .
The project has been snagged by delays .
The photographer looks at me in horror .
Iran has in the past denied such claims .
House forclosures go through the roof .
Survivors are sickened by the outcome .
Suddenly some investors are less sure .
They should have done better then this .
Bowsers were set up for those affected .
But everything was done at the airport .
Thou shalt not muck around with coffee .
Flower had fallen protecting her cubs .
Apple is already feeling the pressure .
His country also needs him to come back .
But a lot of this debate is for the birds .
I was inspired by the power of his words .
And that was exactly the case last year .
The need for such legislation is clear .
The main character is a guy just like me .
But there were signs of a troubled past .
He should have been executed years ago .
Some even brought their gold fillings .
Did he say government will not intrude .
Verdone did not confirm those reports .
The condition of the victim is unknown .
Millions are expected to participate .
This would appear to be a minority view .
It all began with floating currencies .
Additional officers arrived on scene .
It has denied doing anything improper .
He recently had another hip operation .
Most assassins are swiftly forgotten .
They sit for hours watching the planes .
Why is everyone so frightened of islam .
The inquiry gets to work in the new year .
He considered this to be his best novel .
I had the back window of my car broken in .
Please tell me what the heck that means .
No player is asked to do more than he can .
Mama and her customers are used to that .
Installing brackets is now voluntary .
He also found some trusted allies here .
People are very vulnerable creatures .
People buying now are going to be sorry .
He is expected to miss four to six weeks .
This remains a promising possibility .
It was unclear when they would be tried .
Their may be disagreement on the cause .
I have no idea how to make this decision .
The budget deficit does need tackling .
Clinton has yet to announce a location .
It was a strike of breathtaking beauty .
A man and a woman have been interviewed .
This is seat of the pants visual flying .
The bar of originality has been raised .
One houses the ivory tusks of a mammoth .
An indictment is merely an accusation .
Now doctors are running out of options .
The family is holding a private burial .
In most cases they are just our friends .
One of my favorites is cranberry juice .
Defense likely will be the difference .
This latest silly idea hit the buffers .
One staff member remains in detention .
But it is more than just adding numbers .
Her ad is just one of the most egregious .
They have been pleased by the response .
Trying to decarbonize the fuel system .
Three of the incidents involved fires .
Blind tastings throw up weird results .
Click below to register for a reminder .
And it could do this by building a canal .
History and the zeitgeist keep moving .
Perhaps she dresses more seductively .
That is until the media got a hold of him .
Both are clear prospects for this year .
Italians really do live the sweet life .
Instead users can just reload the page .
Both spoke in favor of the legislation .
A charred corpse was visible in one car .
His candidacy makes history every day .
These have been critically acclaimed .
And there is no sign of a recession here .
Just the same as the deadbeat libs will .
They make a lot of noise do these people .
The work is projected to take two years .
Oh that economic education was better .
There will be a live webcast of the call .
That will make loans even harder to get .
But it must act quickly and decisively .
That prompted the audience to applaud .
But the weather could hurt other areas .
Never mind the global financial storm .
Or the reference may be to spare change .
It is impossible to put an act on in a pub .
Peppers was a primary focus of the game .
No bursting out into spontaneous song .
Even the best bankers took crazy risks .
Except none of the above ever happened .
And you even get to control the weather .
But smart sanctions are no less absurd .
Strange how things sometimes turn out .
The hospital can be paid in increments .
Its mind boggling that they cant see it .
I seriously doubt one of them is a dream .
And they were truly delighted to see me .
The questions vary from place to place .
Can anyone answer the questions above .
Talking is not the same as appeasement .
We did everything together as a family .
Hers is a career on a rocket straight up .
That is partly because they are so good .
No more details have yet been released .
Serbs are talking openly of secession .
It did not say if there were casualties .
But things are even stickier at the top .
Leach could not be reached for comment .
This ambition is what he is and who he is .
The only limits are in the imagination .
The other seniors all have their lists .
And also because they loved each other .
You will receive it as soon as possible .
Its report quoted an unnamed official .
I took the robe and went out of the house .
The painting was one of a series of four .
He was acquitted of two murder charges .
Mousavi has not stepped up in that role .
Do not worry if you do not have the money .
The archdiocese has vowed not to budge .
Three aftershocks followed last week .
We need to take our world back over yall .
This quote is the spin quote of the week .
But we should all be part of that debate .
Authorities have cited five suspects .
This invasion should never have begun .
Nothing good could have come from that .
Slight murmurs wafted through the air .
Follow their lead for a secular day out .
Neither dwell on her beauty nor deny it .
The procedure will restore his sanity .
It will also recruit production staff .
Both marriages produced two children .
Other indexes in the survey were mixed .
He decided that it was time to speak out .
For borrowers there is no change at all .
His whereabouts is currently unknown .
The mud stopped a few feet from the wall .
He also had a cancerous kidney removed .
Two men peered out over a tinted window .
All of this is a matter of public record .
Her agent said a sitcom is after her now .
Still no cause of death was determined .
The fascination is deeply rooted in us .
The diagnosis is now generally agreed .
The victim is expected to lose his home .
The bacteria and plant work in concert .
He was also helping to start a magazine .
We never found out what happened to him .
He said the hearing could last two days .
Many believe they will gain a book deal .
But he was mostly hurt by his four walks .
Yet it was known that a threat remained .
But he did not let the sport go entirely .
Salary commensurate with experience.
My father would join us on the weekends .
The assault came as a surprise to no one .
Females are a different case of course .
The nine point margin was insuperable .
Certainly some old attitudes die hard .
All this is all eminently predictable .
The big decision is whether to go at all .
And this is just going to exacerbate it .
And let us be clear about the reason why .
A big part of his charm is his life story .
Behold the magic of bankruptcy at work .
Two key defensive plays sealed the win .
He has eight paid staffers in the state .
Learn about green building practices .
He denies misconduct in public office .
Yet somehow this only adds to the magic .
Nor did the state get everything wrong .
Their faces peppered from falling ice .
We make the future better than the past .
We do not need to hunt we can go to stores .
Maybe they have good truck but not cars .
I have been really enjoying your posts .
She is being held in a psychiatric unit .
The channel is still a work in progress .
So avoid those beanies and go for a brim .
Woods appeared to have his bags packed .
Wiggle room was built in from the start .
This beautiful couple with their baby .
We need all the good soldiers we can get .
It is really difficult to win out there .
The facts just became more convoluted .
Fund managers tracked the wider gains .
So she needs to stay thoroughly asleep .
I view the outcome with mixed feelings .
Yadav did not explain the discrepancy .
The school canceled classes for today .
What we believe determines what we see .
That was a balanced account in the book .
I was assured that being a zombie is fun .
He was found near the foot of a stairway .
In this deal a trump lead made life easy .
Others yelled at the top of their lungs .
But a full cargo of questions remained .
But the judge jailed her for six months .
In case you forgot who built the school .
The painting was returned to its owner .
Astilbes require a moist environment .
Tie fishing line to spokes of umbrella .
Cult wines are most certainly not dead .
That should keep prices under control .
Something with a little more humanity .
There are winners and plenty of losers .
Art and ceramics made by local artists .
I learned that by captaining bad teams .
Thank you so much for sharing your self .
No wonder so many teachers are leaving .
The case is diplomatically sensitive .
He is still a hypocritical legislator .
He showed me a lot of the ways of the game .
Not that bad press is always a bad thing .
Tendulkar is survived by his daughter .
It is unclear how many jobs were at risk .
What beauty the physical laws produce .
People were chasing me down the street .
He knows what to do with money changers .
Or is there really no point of your post .
Periodic emergency medicine is a must .
Rather a withering commnet i would say .
No one can make air travel totally safe.
The paper cited unidentified sources .
Tesla got everything that it asked for .
Let me conclude by stating the obvious .
The seats had been bought in good faith .
Somehow true and false in the same time .
His track record remains respectable .
Changes have continued to present day .
Each has made concessions to the other .
Lots of thing have been put out and done .
Your answer doesnt address this issue .
Now the really hard bargaining begins .
You move to prevent or minimize losses .
I would do the known versus the unknown .
The poor economy is cited as one reason .
Use the form below to add your comments .
But two important things would change .
I try to look for other signals of abuse .
Use oil profits to build a solar future .
These kids do not even have a lunch hour .
Payne is the second lost for the season .
That is very much the case with this one .
Some things in the woods are dangerous .
Now there is a chance doubt can creep in .
Be brave enough to discuss techniques .
The suspects had left a puzzling trail .
That helped me and that helped our kids .
It has been called the finals hangover .
She liked the creativity of her career .
It is essentially a mournful occasion .
I was blocked for the best part of a year .
Nielsen may be something of a maverick .
We take every game pretty much the same .
The plane was nearly three decades old .
This is why online banking is a bad idea .
The index is based on height and weight .
But that will be a topic for another day .
It was all about money and public image .
The attack was remarkably successful .
Desperate people do desperate things .
Less competition means higher prices .
Somebody must know something about me .
Texas does not have one of those either .
Everything and everybody must change .
My initial reaction was to fall silent .
Obama laughed along with the audience .
You are left feeling taken for granted .
This can effect pain in your lower back .
But some recovery signs are appearing .
But personal attention is a challenge .
It has been retitled for this occasion .
Stand with your toes just over the edge .
Bylsma will experience the same thing .
Perhaps we are lucky that it is this way .
This could be the chance to change that .
There are unkept government promises .
That could happen in less than a decade .
He shakes his head and answers quietly .
He had brought a whistle only to join in .
I left around noon and headed back home .
Thousands have been laid off recently .
At least one parent was home at the time .
I met many of the players and officials .
Rest a strainer over the top of the bowl .
That whole culture has to come to an end .
Consider using your age as a yardstick .
The fresh cuts were attacked by unions .
The charity had declared them healthy .
So much money for kicking a ball around .
None of them were major championships .
The gaming industry was in its infancy .
And the fiscal situation could worsen .
Birkenfeld has not yet been sentenced .
Food is about to demand your attention .
The world is on the brink of nuclear war .
That just about sums up the difference .
The date for the appeal has not been set .
Weis has six years left on his contract .
Owners buy the tags online or in a store .
So the question why is a legitimate one .
The rule could be scrapped altogether .
Milwaukee signed him in the offseason .
The pair are to be sentenced next month .
The trickle will soon become a torrent .
But he may still want to avoid conflict .
There was no further monetary penalty .
Sam just wants a little bedroom action .
Sports budgets have also been reduced .
He has experienced rough times before .
These guys are all public nose pickers .
Knox has been behind bars for two years .
The trees were growing out of the water .
There has to be a foundation somewhere .
I love you and you will always be my hero .
Things change when the workday starts .
It was steepest fall in about six years .
It will take at least as long to recover.
Sanchez made his first career start vs.
There is no harassing going on anymore .
Now he has no money to keep them running .
The robbers left few leads at the scene .
Our interests are pretty much the same .
They were brandishing their guns at us .
The surrogate did not become pregnant .
Iranian patriots the world is with you .
There are other ways to sort things out .
Books define the changing of the times .
A woman wept quietly beside one coffin .
There is quite another way of seeing it .
The bill is still flawed beyond belief .
Residents were allowed to return home .
The judge has not ruled on that request .
We will be doing whatever we can to help .
I am yet again ashamed of my government .
He said he was not aware of any injuries .
And they have been trading up recently .
Democrats hope for revenge elsewhere .
So imagine how good a second would feel .
They have also been running out of food .
Especially given such a slight payoff .
Coffee after lunch with my colleagues .
There would be conflicts between them .
No more free giveaways to law breakers .
Rescuers were looking for five others .
Several houses and shops were damaged .
The jury began deliberating last week .
Most entertaining thing to happen yet .
The survey cited a handful of examples .
Why not just tax the air people breathe .
The firm now plans to sell it worldwide .
He picked up his own glass for the toast .
Our nation turns its lonely eyes to you .
But more recently something went awry .
More nutritious sustenance is to hand .
Israel has responded with airstrikes .
A line had formed at the bakery counter .
The real pros are fluent in every genre .
This is a prime example for my children .
The buyers wanted to remain anonymous .
The digitisation of the life instinct .
Your husband is correct in this matter .
They had admitted some of the offences .
Limbaugh was honored by the attention .
Stevens turned out to be a poor prophet .
They had never left the country before .
There was a feeling of power in the room .
Angie was quite a character that night .
He depends now on the charity of others .
Not that it changed the flow of the game .
It fits perfectly in the age of plastic .
Others say they also waive change fees .
Not that the school is stuck in the past .
It would be a huge admission of failure .
An hour will be set aside for each topic .
There was a call for a moment of silence .
He seems to love the middle of the track .
It was just genuinely a difficult year .
Travel apps are improving by the month .
The scenario was almost unimaginable .
Chicago became a pop music juggernaut .
Then she could apply herself properly .
Some schools are expected to be closed .
Dot the pieces over the rocket and figs .
Sajad was the only one still breathing .
But the gold medal was decided on nerve .
The republicans would know about that .
His serving has also been outstanding .
I have felt this way for a very long time .
After that the slime should now be gone .
It made me laugh out loud several times .
I might be a little underweight though .
It desperately needs to raise its game .
Gays did win some victories yesterday .
Two others arrived in the past few days .
No motive has been given for the attack .
Then a few days later it happened again .
So criticising him is right and proper .
I longed for something a little edgier .
Limit the banks to a geographical area .
Studies show it has a high success rate .
Her books have sold in their thousands .
Klein was not involved in the new study .
I have a great circle of friends and two .
Probably way too late and way too short .
This really is the stuff of nightmares .
The economy would fall into recession .
Obama has pledged to recover the money .
Costanza disappeared into obscurity .
Two weeks later he agreed to a plea deal .
Alcoholic beverages are not included .
The clerk refused and the suspect fled .
Obama could never close the sale there .
Sarkozy made excuses for her absences .
He was jailed after he failed to comply .
It is hoped a compromise can be reached .
Trying to appease and please the media .
Officers urged neighbors to stay calm .
Thus training will not stop the deaths .
And there are strict orders to keep off .
She started six weeks of radiotherapy .
Your rants make you look really stupid .
We must dispense with a dangerous myth .
They look a bit like scissors or pliers .
Somehow that sounds a bit dictatorial .
They may cause heart attacks and death .
But doing so is a key test of leadership .
It is a colossal waste of time and money .
He has got to show that the change is him .
Eta has killed nine people in six years .
I am quite happy this coward was caught .
Serena then held to get to the third set .
Police have not released his identity .
This undoubtedly is their last chance .
His mother said he was family oriented .
Shell hopes to secure a contract there .
We understood that a plane had crashed .
Now he has to crank up the machine again .
I hope the next three months are easier .
Debt relief is not as simple as it seems .
A previous draft dropped the deadline .
Arguments must be tested and resolved .
No hospital was an idiot on their staff .
Thankfully it was not true of the films .
He was hitting the ball extremely well .
He sometimes reads briefs on the beach .
The technology offers advantages too.
I think that you over idealize science .
Twelve points can lead to a driving ban .
Some of the things you hear will be true .
Two of the officers underwent surgery .
What an incredibly stupid thing to say .
A moment later came the agonizing pain .
But the real action will be deal action .
They claimed she was older than she was .
He would not describe witness reports .
Bonus bashing is reaching new heights .
That in turn erodes demand for iron ore .
Someone had come to collect the bodies .
The second attack came a few days later .
The restaurant at least was well named .
He soon became a trusted family friend .
That was a man heading for the high wire .
Dhanuk is third in line on the front row .
Injuries had more bearing than the air .
But against that is frustrated demand .
Murdoch is a cancer that rots the brain .
I look forward to your prompt response .
They were sandbagging on the west side .
Let us not forget our power as citizens .
We will look at each case individually .
The threat seems largely theoretical .
This would have killed her off for sure .
It was the greatest company in history .
I hope you got the information you need .
I take any member of the team seriously .
Three of his victims were not infected .
The system is stronger because of that .
We would never ever have expected this .
The credit crunch has hurt the company .
Many of the streets have been deserted .
Leave covered to cool for a few minutes .
In this country this is what befalls us .
Police said his condition was unknown .
Yoga gives you a whole new lease on life .
A few hours later came the second event .
It is ideal for exterior applications .
A chase across international borders .
His play has been erratic and skittish .
Government bondholders panicked too .
He will not make specific suggestions .
But politicians must tread carefully .
Everyone covering this story knows it .
That also leaves the door open to abuse .
This is no time for rational arguments .
Supply and demand need to equilibrate .
Thousands of others live underground .
He has taken steps to protect the vines .
Keep a sense of proportion about it all .
Some have accused us of being too tough .
He needs to resign from that committee .
She can see the world for the first time .
Just layers of funny all over the place .
Please let these sick gays get married .
We may get money properly for a good job .
He also burnt anything that would burn .
The proceeding was sparsely attended .
Nor should it be considered excessive .
Inquiries are ongoing into the deaths .
The screen displayed an error message .
People have you been paying attention .
The house was furnished in a modern way .
All in all it was a stifling experience .
Monday practices typically are light .
But the incident prodded her to action .
The fundamental freedoms we all enjoy .
Thanks to its demographic transition .
This is going to be painful for all of us .
The focaccia bread is a welcome change .
How you act makes a lasting impression .
He literally almost reached that goal .
Insulating is the more difficult task .
But the soundtrack had the most impact .
He cut taxes for the rich at a time of war .
I think those kind of comments damming .
The lead platoon had come under attack .
Syria is still on the fence about going .
Sad to see just how devastating fire is .
No one was killed or captured this time .
But the worst part of the trip lay ahead .
The chatter of gunfire is commonplace .
His injuries are not life threatening .
You are nothing but a whited sepulchre .
Serb forces launch a brutal crackdown .
He composes scenes in mystic symmetry .
A daughter knows who killed her father .
Medicare is in deep financial trouble .
So it must come from an external source .
Obfuscation has replaced profundity .
So we all have our own bits of kit we want .
Lebanon is used to fractious politics .
Consider two other important aspects .
He later acted in a film about the event .
This should probably not be a surprise .
Jurasevich said he was never in danger .
Another person died in a roadside bomb .
Hiring would be needed to boost output .
Now society is going to have to fix that .
Seems slightly biased reporting to me .
But he killed viciously in the library .
Soldiers never die they just fade away .
So much for medals and all the rest of it .
Islam does not allow any unnatural act .
Her passion is writing and performing .
Lochte was happy with his performance .
Somebody tell him the election is over .
We are still the children of easy money .
They needed no such comeback this time .
Stein could not be reached for comment .
A fresh approach would be most welcome .
Everyone pays attention to the attack .
I figured it was because of the weather .
I will play basketball but only for fun .
The three sit around together or apart .
How about a little velcro or better yet .
This treachery had led to many arrests .
I applaud his leadership and his class .
Thank you for putting it so succinctly .
Bush cut taxes and did not cut spending .
People are a lot smarter than you think .
Yesterday was not the end of the affair .
A price range was announced this month .
All they care about is money and status .
Part of her left ear had to be amputated .
God never meant for humans to go to hell .
They are all exhausted and all smiling .
His long hair is tucked behind his ears .
I actually do think that is reasonable .
There is also more room for casualties .
This saga has had a few twists and turns .
A firefighter was injured in the first .
It was his first and only combat flight .
They allege the poll was widely rigged .
He had made growth a key campaign issue .
The speech was closed to the news media .
So make sure you reach out to each other .
Put the phone in a bowl of uncooked rice .
That would mean the vote is much closer .
We are going to have to shoot our way out .
Now that pillar of faith was crumbling .
And there seems to be no relief in sight .
Three months later they split up again .
And she has also launched her own range .
And it would end up being nationalised .
Do the best you can do and it will pay off .
The numbers are certainly impressive .
A weapons cache was later found inside .
Suddenly everything else looks dated .
With the dollar sinking to a record low .
Thanks for reporting just what you see .
She raised an indignant eyebrow at him .
I lost my head and pushed him violently .
An extensive search failed to find him .
It was also the ninth fastest time ever .
The school closings are no mere breeze .
Both were taken into custody last week .
But my doorway was conspicuously bare .
Those protections can be significant .
Obama did not get everything he wanted .
But it gets people to the voting booths .
Big recording contracts are long gone .
He is appealing her revocation of bail .
She was not the only grateful resident .
Hamas said the accusations were false .
Try to include industry keywords in it .
A really good reader could change that .
I wonder if we are becoming a public one .
The press ran with this story for weeks .
We know this from personal experience .
What an absolute absurd abuse of power .
But you do have at least one thing wrong .
The bulls appear to have the upper hand .
There is unlikely to be any repetition .
It is unlikely that she will be the last .
But their work was only just beginning .
But enforcement has often been patchy .
We will always have you in our heart bro .
The count could be completed next week .
The search area was divided into grids .
No doubt he will get plenty of stick now .
Umarov said there were be more attacks .
Leicester had been given fair warning .
And there are plenty of people like him .
Police have not identified the victim .
This is banking on a microscopic level .
Washington will have to learn to say no .
The peerage was approved within a week .
It is a very powerful and unified scrum .
At least four people were already dead .
Niger currently does not have a senate .
He becomes abusive and resists arrest .
This has left many people in a quandary .
This moment haunts me still to this day .
Others said the markets were confused .
The wounded congressmen all survived .
A nanometer is one billionth of a meter .
But we all know that time is running out .
There is always a goal to aspire toward .
See the dangers of online oversharing .
The language of politics is different .
It gives his reasons for supporting it .
Time to move on to more important myths .
But neighboring counties fared worse .
Others are trying to keep perspective .
Plants react to sun stress like humans .
Concrete slabs dotting the landscape .
I am eating less meat these days myself .
Bring a flashlight and watch your step .
The door manufacturers are flummoxed .
He says he is the victim of persecution .
None of the bets were on his own matches .
It bore almost no relation to the facts .
Voters might punish such opportunism .
Bluefin tuna at a fish market last week .
There may also be aggravating factors .
What he does not delve into is politics .
It was the easiest travel day of my life .
The shrinkage is sometimes quite open .
It is unclear how this will be resolved .
The order bars him from contacting her .
The advisory vote would be nonbinding .
Her hands were later found on the beach .
Terrorist has no religion nor country .
The bitterness and the grief were real .
The taller you are the higher you can go .
We have seen our leaders killed before .
The rally has surprised most analysts .
When he loses he always finds an excuse .
He begins to dread each new revelation .
Ivey said the officer is not in custody .
Alice is still ruling the movie palace .
No wonder the stars choose this as home .
They agreed it would be a simple affair .
And then there are the emotional scars .
The bulk of the money goes to nutrition .
The decor is carefully choreographed .
Two further elements are worth noting .
Now he raises us from death to true life .
They said they would enrol us in school .
Child trust funds are also vulnerable .
The government rejects the criticism .
We have made progress on certain items .
South next let the ten of diamonds ride .
Other people may be severely affected .
The name of the victim was not released .
The report has created an immense fuss .
Loading up central midfield is likely .
But he said the event had now been moved .
Replace us with nurses or anciliaries .
You can choose to pay only the interest .
But we are where we have a finite budget .
There will be a new slogan for that team .
However he said they rarely go missing .
They certainly need some sort of boost .
A grand jury is investigating the case .
Then they counted the species above it .
Rosas was pronounced dead at the scene .
Nobody should be blaming individuals .
This in itself had my hair stand on edge .
I assumed the role of surrogate mother .
It depends upon who you want to believe .
An expert example of gaming the system .
Rio marked for her the end of the tunnel .
His popularity ratings were plunging .
I have yet to find anybody who knows her .
She is writing a book about her parents .
The man suffered a minor cut to his hand .
They are just so taken that it happened .
Screams and whoops filled the chamber .
More reasons to interfere in our lived .
She would like to see the city manage it .
Meeks would fulfill that requirement .
The bullpen was not alone in faltering .
The hard part was getting to the finals .
The bodies were tipped into the trench .
This natty scarf business is catching .
At present the club is minded to appeal .
It is not only that they now dress alike .
But we all just miss him so desperately .
Other milestones have passed quietly .
More than half of the athletes said yes .
Democrats are now trying to fight back .
Yesterday was the deadline to respond .
And this bit seemed especially forced .
And you start hammering your opponent .
She says the children are traumatized .
Delivery people fighting ice and snow .
This stuff on the economy goes on and on .
Nor did the pace slacken in retirement .
That will be the last time they see that .
European markets were modestly mixed .
They express the deep wisdom of crowds .
A lot of feelings came to mind on the ice .
The school grounds are barely visible .
The upside is a stack of bundled checks .
A few residents were relatively lucky .
Then discourse just becomes rhetoric .
They are all eating into their capital .
Some of these are really quite dubious .
I would love to see him have a great year .
There is no such rule for firefighters .
Lay was named as a defendant in the suit .
Why legalizing marijuana makes sense .
You can see the point of pointlessness .
Also we want to internationalise this .
Faces peer out amongst a forest of legs .
I do believe when your time is up it is up .
This is how he says hello to his parents .
They will continue to deny people care .
I look upon it as a learning experience .
The two did not have too much to discuss .
But he never lost the power to sack them .
Such a call happened this past weekend .
Just want to say that all of our archite .
They truly believe that he is the devil .
They have failed to regain much ground .
Some of those killed were in basements .
Sometimes you just know about a player .
It tells a completely different story .
Making plans for the future is now a joy .
But he summed up the mood of the country .
Others describe a sense of withdrawal .
The front gate is a wormhole to the past .
He faces up to seven years if convicted .
Domingo has done many things for opera .
Ask disruptive people to wait outside .
Perfection in everything at all times .
No one was injured during the incident .
The ghosts of the past also augur badly .
Her time for a honeymoon may be limited .
I tried to absorb what it was telling me .
Broader stock indicators edged lower .
Rodriguez has taken her place up front .
Putin waited a week before responding .
And the people need to help themselves .
Clean drinking water is a huge concern .
I kind of expected something like that .
The two countries do have an agreement .
The balance belonged to other parties .
Tass said he had been taken to hospital .
Debt levels and unemployment are down .
Ehrlich has pledged not to raise taxes .
The commander said we cannot win there .
Others offering housing are more wary .
And new plans have now been put forward .
Especially in the home run department .
He got his spot in the draw as a wild card .
That would kill everyone on the island .
I have moved to supermarket own brands .
They must accept help and quit this war .
It looked like a wrapped surprise gift .
But soon there was unmistakable proof .
Alcohol and tobacco would be excluded .
Their lawyers said they plan to appeal .
Fiscal policy is also being tightened .
Private donations have also been made .
And every one of us is in the firing line .
So will collectors of exotic vehicles .
Yet he never rejected the endorsement .
The occasion called for some defiance .
Now she looks at the man in the recliner .
The subterranean vault is open to view .
The case is to be argued early next year .
This is what the form of your life means .
Any help would be greatly appreciated .
They are described as four black males .
I suspect there is a lot of truth to this .
Even achievement can be a kind of death .
So history really is over and done with .
But they are not really an inspiration .
We are happy to make the position clear .
The level of financial frailty varies .
The moment would forever stay with him .
Be aware that this will take many hours .
They have the same policy preferences .
Factories are cranking up production .
People will queue up for the sensation .
Yet debate about the scandal persists .
She settled her feet in up to her ankles .
Food prices have doubled in two months .
Udall was sharing some of his prestige .
If only he had mentioned the little car .
Moore will be sentenced at a later date .
This is the hedonist view of education .
Slavin then asked if she could sit down .
The auditorium would have gone silent .
Some names are hopelessly misleading .
Joey is my best friends little brother .
The entries are in no particular order .
I thought you may want to get up to speed .
It may well be that she has done all this .
The college kids slowly got priced out .
She had intended to stay several weeks .
Cole made a solitary careless mistake .
It does not look as if he going anywhere .
That may sound like damning criticism .
A war of words has occasionally ensued .
Two of her attackers are still at large .
The truck driver ended up with a ticket .
Now food prices are also playing a role .
We had no say in that matter whatsoever .
See photos of presidents at the podium .
But that denial is fatal to their cause .
Syria denies any role in the stalemate .
Her feet were bare beneath her pyjamas .
But there has been peace on the streets .
The purchase was completed last month .
And he wheels himself into the kitchen .
Manai has insisted that he is innocent .
Construction is set to start next year .
They got thier fifteen minutes of fame .
Please disregard my previous posting .
The unrest has put a strain on supplies .
The presentation will be webcast live .
It was his second ejection this season .
There is no single answer for all women .
Bodies were just strewn in the streets .
The whole political system is corrupt .
Their first step was to kill its maliks .
She stifles a further laugh and is gone .
The only restrictive fact is the roads .
Both have also had brushes with the law .
But sometimes it can be the lowly deuce .
The rest of the house was smoke damaged .
The case had been running for two weeks .
And no one knows how long this will go on .
Riley also is charged with tax evasion .
Some spas use perks to attract clients .
Russian children came top in the study .
Cleveland has nothing to be ashamed of .
It happens everywhere round the world .
This brings up a whole lot of questions .
I knew it was an irreversible decision .
The differences proved catastrophic .
The war is about money and blood for oil .
She clearly did not need telling twice .
Yet the markets have been unimpressed .
He was not thought to be seriously hurt .
Tell them they are entitled to be there .
Their mood could not be more different .
Incorporate a touch of the industrial .
The lockdown is the second in six weeks .
His teammates were nearly as ecstatic .
At first we brought food for eight guys .
The judge told her to rely on her memory .
You are almost certainly paying for it .
Alleging the contrary is indeed wrong .
Buying in bulk is another budget saver .
Roethlisberger needs more than a chat .
He has no way of proving this statement .
Yellen is considered to be in that camp .
The governors have rejected an appeal .
Palms went on as if made for all seasons .
Alves said police were investigating .
He talks proudly of the old moviegoers .
His delivery is slow and often halting .
And we are about at an end with that also .
We know we have a lot of responsibility .
And make the same terrible sacrifices .
But there will be industry casualties .
Fortis declined to comment on the news .
He has special plans for his gold medal .
The answer is apparently in the offing .
Always wanting to get across the river .
She and her husband never missed a game .
The decision has never been overruled .
He had been shot and his throat was slit .
We respect her intelligence and drive .
A counter shows how many doses are left .
Gundlach said the program should work .
It was the deadliest tsunami on record .
It was not an entirely isolated strike .
I was so excited by the notion of nudity .
This last point may be the most telling .
And unexpected things keep happening .
The supply of moral outrage is limited .
What to do after that is more of a puzzle .
No one else is feeling that childs pain .
Many of those companies went bankrupt .
Many of the casualties were civilians .
Never hurts to question govt policies .
But the window was blocked by a bunk bed .
But he noted it will not happen quickly .
Mudegu tried to speak with detachment .
We are the largest economy in the world .
I think the second thing is more likely .
Humidity is also expected to increase .
Any witnesses are asked to call police .
She seems to have been completely free .
The market numbers are uniformly grim .
But some big issues remain unresolved .
The goal now is making it work in humans .
They studied every conceivable angle .
Why not build your house with cans of it .
They all called for it to be simplified .
That was never confirmed by the rebels .
It is famous because its beer is famous .
But he seemed unaffected by his wealth .
For gilt investors it is more of a worry .
But the festivities could soon be over .
Workers will be replacing a water line .
Amputee football restores their hope .
Four more people have also been jailed .
The liberal imagination can do better .
The metro and sports sections are gone .
To me one part of the solution is simple .
So your point is of greater importance .
The years to come offered less clarity .
Two beautiful but enigmatic children .
Part of the solution may be regulation .
Next it was sent to the state health lab .
A laptop computer could also be seized .
We are not afraid of the world out there .
The county police kennels were nearby .
The cause of her death is still unknown .
I also have strong statistical skills .
Operations and maintenance expenses .
The problem is partly one of personnel .
She has been suspended for four months .
The judge disagreed with those claims .
Such hortatory language is important .
But his emotions were too raw to answer .
He had gone more than year without a job .
Tying for third definitely fired us up .
A tribute to the designer was to be held .
The wheels are still coming off the bus .
The incentives to sneak in will be gone .
Others laughed uproariously at jokes .
That data further unnerved investors .
I was nervous about writing this piece .
Students also live in a culture of debt .
Never had a better banking experience .
Israel believes the soldiers are dead .
She was arrested and her home searched .
They do not spend enough time learning .
I always believed that work came first .
I feel now that a corner has been turned .
I feel doctors consider me expendable .
But it is the best street art place ever .
You have every right to defend any vote .
But suddenly an obstacle has appeared .
The two people then split the proceeds .
Democrats have defeated the other two .
A bouquet of flowers has also been sent .
Nine vehicles drive around the victim .
The issue has long divided passengers .
What good would it do to make her suffer .
The scientists have power of their own .
Government agencies are no different .
All the space programme came out of war .
Attorneys for both sides were present .
White fireworks burst in the distance .
All you have to do is look at his friends .
Saturday to get a ride home with her dad .
The trial is expected to last five days .
Let me stop typing to a know it all psyco .
I had a brain scan and assumed the worst .
Inside the psychology of the stubborn .
Not all news will be negative this week .
These jerks fill our screens with crap .
Auto companies increased production .
That could have awkward consequences .
They made sure he went to summer school .
The political battle has been vicious .
He has exhausted all his legal options .
He said the talks had created mistrust .
He pleaded the confusion of the moment .
But most say they log on for themselves .
I regretted this choice the whole year .
Many teams hold rights to such players .
A high percentage are been uneducated .
Others prepared for yet another storm .
Maybe just one good bill can save it all .
Herrera believed it was a real firearm .
It is a difficult and delicate balance .
The victims included three teenagers .
Transport links will also be improved .
Sleep is often seen as bad for survival .
He opened his remarks with a quotation .
There are also regulatory challenges .
She also has many friends in the unions .
And the princess is switching castles .
But the process was slow and laborious .
Then the process starts all over again .
I am in therapy because it is helping me .
And growing pains can be excruciating .
They act like she is someone important .
They run in all the females of my family .
But they are not unprecedented either .
Send us your comments and experiences .
Toss to coat with the butter and spices .
He talked of developing offshore wind .
Not everything was falling into place .
There was no estimate for containment .
They can begin to think for themselves .
They were later airlifted to hospital .
Then she started talking to neighbors .
Malpractice might have been involved .
You know the woman crossing the street .
They gave each other surplus tomatoes .
Testimony is expected to resume today .
Diplomats tried to defuse the tension .
I hope reassurance breeds confidence.
Buy all things used whenever possible .
The table is taking on a familiar shape .
Japan is leading the way in this regard .
Hull and wash the fruit and set it aside .
The insurgents have their own agendas .
He makes us believe in ourselves again .
Give it a nudge and the thing collapses .
Tangier is taking shape on the horizon .
His own colleagues were hardly better .
They showed a reporter the bullet hole .
Microsoft is a loser all along the line .
Isolation is no longer a viable option .
Magazine covers were devoted to blogs .
You decide which one is more important .
Getting rid of our drug addicted youth .
The value of the family home is sinking .
Reviews of her performance were mixed .
And it would be great to hear your voice .
It will be a continuation of a war crime .
You can pack a lot of pork into that baby .
I will not give up the cause for freedom .
Borrowing costs are historically low .
No suspects were in custody yesterday .
Cuellar had been kidnapped five times .
Vegetables were among the hardest hit .
But these are two different questions .
My priorities have seriously changed .
She is appealing against her sentence .
In three cases he failed on both counts .
It is a confusing time to be an investor .
Tagged with stanford financial group .
Real private consumption is immature .
The condition of the youth is not known .
Just another piece of scaremongering .
The archives administers the library .
We should make them permanent because .
But he failed all these three subjects .
Both dominant parties have sold us out .
Yet she remains something of a mystery .
The majority have been aimed at police .
Dunwoody has a proud military history .
He was off duty fell running at the time .
All squid have really short life spans .
But the doctors recommended abortion .
He got a little too big for his britches .
The rest is saved for future investors .
It also cited the same housing figures .
It would be ambitious beyond my daring .
They speak the same business language .
They have not only failed to protect us .
He said he was tied up for several hours .
Who made you the authority on anything .
Many wore green ribbons or wristbands .
It may not look like it will come to pass .
He claims he is innocent of all charges .
Any dip in visitor activity is painful .
We play good football at the right time .
Iran says its intentions are peaceful .
The package does not include any meals .
And it might be massively exciting too .
Their initial task is somewhat modest .
Or they may decide to play golf instead .
The winner will be announced tomorrow .
But those tensions seem to have abated .
We also talk about youth unemployment .
The police are patrolling the streets.
It is concerned only with its survival .
Yoshida refused to give other details .
Then he did something out of character .
He had been affectionate and adorable .
He grabbed his hand and tried to hold on .
It has five doors and seats five people .
One way to improve is to read all you can .
But the biggest concern remains water .
She was found competent to stand trial .
The human toll would have been massive .
The forensic teams would not be on site .
For the full budget request click here .
Just explain that one little fact away .
Continuing rifts in his dressing room .
And it would be exactly as meaningless .
No doubt they would get life sentences .
But it was badly bungled from the start .
You might even get invited back on here .
Then it was off to find carbs and coffee .
Online spending has been a bright spot .
We asked the experts what they thought .
But it limits the size of your audience .
The event took place without incident .
Especially if you happened to be black .
Its divergent dreams hinge on the cash .
Three rare emeralds are still missing .
All five are currently awaiting trial .
I was alone as days and nights passed by .
Officials say it appears intelligent .
It is also having to refinance its debt .
My body is tired and my spirit is broken .
And the character designs are uncanny .
Canadians have rallied to his defense .
They both speak of the politics of hope .
The effect is likely the same in humans .
And land is far from their only problem .
There are no fast fixes to our problems .
They could take a cut of the sale as well .
Backers lack the votes for an override .
All six crew members escaped unharmed .
Leighton said he was new to hurricanes .
Chicago answered in the second inning .
I am an engineer now and have no regrets .
Look at your outgoings and trim the fat .
These larger vehicles remain popular .
So being a planner was someting to hide .
His statements were not a distraction .
Brazilians are still paying the price .
Bluetooth integration risk is back on .
We were glad not to have been among them .
No grass or trees will grow in the place .
The housing market was getting better .
The more explosive rub involves style .
The whole thing became a bit shambolic .
The local driver was slightly injured .
The temporary bleachers were in place .
Then you have to start a real newspaper .
Administrators will also be affected .
You could protect your legacy that way .
All he had to do was find the right event .
You see this very much generationally .
With that comes the demons in the night .
Ah it has suddenly flickered into life .
Although the money would be fantastic .
Here he does the same for architecture .
Still crippled by chaotic conditions .
Extreme times call for extreme images .
The pope has not officially commented .
Gary is no stranger to seeking justice .
Duckworth is looking into the charges .
Make it a tuna or salmon burger instead .
The seven catches tied his season high .
Place shallots on paper towel to drain .
You just never know if you can get there .
Episcopal clergy are allowed to marry .
Cost and convenience are also factors .
Clothing is optional in tubs and pools .
Then he added shirts with the same logo .
Damage done in childhood is permanent .
Nothing could stop their rapid deaths .
Police did not find traces of fire arms .
Demand a public option for healthcare .
His sentiments have been heard before .
Now those doubts have been underlined .
Run up them to the top and walk back down .
But that figure can be misinterpreted .
He saw social dislocation everywhere .
He protests that the shop is very clean .
Charter air companies are nothing new .
There is no connection between the men .
Someone to keep the truck operational .
People are losing there homes and jobs .
But the idea of law school was alluring .
Literally it means quite the opposite .
We should put this behind us and move on .
The second problem is one of logistics .
He knew the pencils had been sharpened .
Calvo was kidnapped earlier this year .
Police said no foul play was suspected .
Jamaldin is now looking after them all .
Fresh haddock makes a good substitute .
Subsequent air strikes were called in .
All the deliveries last week went fine .
The move has worked out for each driver .
Almost a third of the bulbs have failed .
It took two days before she reached him .
The hackers certainly are a leg up on us.
Schoolchildren were given the day off .
Both teams can win from this situation .
Football and math are his two passions .
And then there will be more growth next .
Howard said that was not his intention .
He escorts his car to the starting line .
But an inquiry blamed it on negligence .
But the real always trumps the virtual .
What is reasonable about a total ban on .
It takes her only a minute to walk there .
The energy level is incomparably high .
The game is now scheduled for tomorrow .
The animation of typefaces is another .
We picked the right man for that reason .
They are next door to a blue locomotive .
This land had made an impression on him .
It was one of her three bogeys on the day .
Encarnacion had two hits that counted .
Its wings beat loudly and insistently .
His belief in governmental control vs.
But inventories are not yet expanding .
Inadequate training was also a factor .
It leads to a hell of a lot of complaints .
Then tumbling and screaming and quiet .
Paul sealed the win with two foul shots .
Look what that has done to this country .
The blaze took several hours to put out .
A compromise might have been possible .
The police declined to be interviewed .
We were afraid of kidnapping attempts .
What waits ahead is worth checking out .
Face it we live in a dumbed down society .
Georgia is not a member of the alliance .
In one she kept going with life as it was .
Hurley is the luckiest man in the world .
Society itself was declared obsolete .
She is always the first to read his work .
They certainly seem unable to write it .
Anecdotes like yours are meaningless .
America may be falling into recession .
Nor do they relax or tighten the policy .
People on their last legs would turn up .
One photograph showed two long mounds .
I got a lot of fun things to do in this one .
He also faces a number of other charges .
Absolutely fascinating man in any age .
Police charge purchaser with theft by .
We have to win through development aid .
A change of heart still looks unlikely .
And sparking debate on how fair that is .
Kentucky is the newest toy on the block .
It makes tactical and political sense .
This provoked howls of online protest .
But the move appears to have backfired .
Insiders often tell a different story .
Troops presents plural difficulties .
The balconies can hold about five tons .
Consumer confidence is at record lows .
Years later the case remains unsolved .
Palin would miss her mouth with a spoon .
The guide business is clearly booming .
I just want the song to be true to itself .
The children were born five days apart .
The bears play that role for investors .
Rumors travel and harden equally fast .
Some of these cases will be legitimate .
The missiles verifiably did not exist .
Intelligence is now viewed as a threat .
They saw us lead by example for a change .
It says the homes were built illegally .
But eventually she catches her breath .
Sometimes the result is dodgy styling .
Some products are not as pure as others .
I think your husband was a very nice man .
Surely the industry is collapsing now .
No dodging was required in those cases .
He put one bag inside the other and fled .
I think he was just enjoying the moment .
The concerted effort finally paid off .
The joint event has now been cancelled .
Homebuilders are getting back to work .
Heston made difficult roles seem easy .
Kids this is why you should not do drugs .
The cycle rack at work is crowded again .
You can use this to motivate or inspire .
But he retained his bullpen mentality .
High taxes make smuggling worthwhile .
Arriving at the right fee can take work .
This time he did not leave his move late .
Golf had become a game of bash and pitch .
Park had been shot in the chest and rear .
We have always had them in this country .
All this may sound somewhat illogical .
Imagine you have just six hours to live .
He then choked her until she passed out .
But that is all that is in this election .
He has been allowed to return to campus .
What this company is doing is criminal .
Any shortfall will be felt within days .
Brides are also cutting back on extras .
Stapp has since launched a solo career .
We present the ten most famous hackers .
Police killed the dogs in her backyard .
Caught in the act of telling a complete .
The show came together rather quickly .
But courage and integrity still exist .
This year the surge has been for dinars .
That view is disputed by other experts .
I am recently widowed and miss company .
Obama will raise more money with hopes .
Businesses are struggling to survive .
He has experience and is well grounded .
One airline crew even got me some pizza .
Her reasoning smacks of snobbishness .
Blame the rich when you run out of money .
Musicians came from all over the world .
The clothes here emit a futuristic hum .
Thank god they are becoming a minority .
There was nonetheless an edgy tension .
He wants to know instead how it will end .
The three doctors deny any wrongdoing .
There is an excellent base to work from .
Most resulted from traffic accidents .
The film enters neither of their lives .
And he was rapping before there was rap .
An insult to the art of politics indeed .
My sons will know what a great father is .
But even bad films have plenty to teach .
Two other men were killed in the attack .
Renner stopped and chewed on that idea .
Saving jobs seems the likelier choice .
He does more talk and takes less action .
It depends on the size of timber wanted .
I was required to take cooking courses .
Two books inaugurated the revolution .
Spacious kitchen with breakfast nook .
After discharge social services pays .
You may roam and climb in his footsteps .
Another blaze was started by a car fire .
Asian equities indices were cautious .
And they would share the booty with her .
And on the way they meet an actual alien .
I wonder if these problems are related .
One remedy will be to pump in more money .
Rail services have returned to normal .
That left one other person to convince .
He did not know whether they were local .
The real buying opportunity will come .
But there are still big matches to play .
The city could well be heading that way .
And there are some new kids on that bloc .
But within a few years this had changed .
So was trust among writers themselves .
Physicians bill insurers themselves .
Most requests are reportedly granted .
Mbeki has insisted on quiet diplomacy .
But the suspect broke free and ran away .
They expect everything to happen fast .
But on a national level it is happening .
There is no trade in expensive misfits .
Complaints of fraud continue to mount .
A vote for labour is a vote for comunism .
He is asked to give his name and address .
That is where the interrogation began .
Gross has not been charged with a crime .
Empty cartridges littered the ground .
Pedestrians are dead last in priority .
So many people knew of possible danger .
The dry cleaners broke out in applause .
They decided to tone down the payments .
He has made only one bogey in two rounds .
The grief was bottled up and filed away .
Varying your play is the key to winning .
And it has a robust business community .
I was way beyond that kind of amusement .
The following is an edited transcript .
Rivera recalled the officers yelling .
Some areas could receive a foot of rain .
No one else has been charged in the case .
The sand loss is a familiar phenomenon .
So tell us about the new reality series .
But the advice sure seems to make sense .
All attempts at football were ignored .
He knew he was in command of everything .
This request for input is a great start .
It is also travelling with other ships .
She plans to continue the dig next year .
But there was some truth in what he said .
It would be the fifth between the sides .
A political film with a strong message .
You must live in a lovely vacation area .
It has been wonderful and magnificent .
And that gets to the heart of the matter .
Fifteen of the wounded were civilians .
Ronaldo is still seeking his bearings .
They were offered severance packages .
The boom has helped fill state coffers .
Police were searching for the missing .
It was the first meeting of the schools .
Add all dry ingredients to the mixture .
It is hard to overstate what is at stake .
Sea level rise is pretty well slam dunk .
I have enjoyed reading your blog posts .
They would beat my fingers with sticks .
Good on yer to whomever got the punch in .
Some people certainly seem to think so .
His right hand was held up to the crowds .
Yet things are not quite what they seem .
Marks and spencer looks good value too .
No one answered a call to the synagogue .
The other three are company premieres .
Real sugar is replacing the corn syrup .
Commodity prices have fallen further .
That is the prerogative of the nominee .
The underlying position is even worse .
He was not afraid to come on very strong .
Music to listen to while it all crashes .
Like creating a blueberry commission .
They were hot on the eve of the playoffs .
The show just cracks me up over and over .
He leaves a partner and three children .
By then she could hardly walk straight .
He set a high standard and was stubborn .
Inter fans also sang offensive chants .
Even consumer sentiment has improved .
It was a circle she never quite squared .
They send notes to parents that if your .
Tesco does not have the field to itself .
Both of them were portrayed as shallow .
I enjoy keeping fit and going to the gym .
My students can not afford an abortion .
Three more are still being considered .
England also lost their two referrals .
Fans stormed the field when it was over .
Still there were signs of lawlessness .
They give us the information we ask for .
There was no red carpet or pregame show .
But everyone who mattered ignored her .
This report will only strengthen them .
Only an amendment can reverse this now .
Nolette says the punch was unprovoked .
We will send messages back to families .
Musicians have also attacked the laws .
Pay would be reduced by the same amount .
These shootings need to stop right now .
But his backers downplay the problems .
Whisk three eggs in a bowl with the salt .
Ben is a fighter and that makes me proud .
He seems like a natural trial attorney .
The dog jumped up and attacked the girl .
Click here for more baseball coverage .
There were fewer guests than reported .
Forget about what the tech elite think .
But change is as inevitable as the tide .
There is no pain like the loss of a child .
The answer here is not instant replays .
We can build a tornado resistant house .
The portrait could be ruined entirely .
Armstrong is another two seconds back .
But this will have consequences for me .
Americans must continue to be patient .
The public will tolerate nothing less .
But he has attracted criticism as well .
These innovations come in three areas .
Then the new union is on equal standing .
Only time and great pitching will tell .
But the group said more needs to be done .
Green vegetables were not to be missed .
You can never give enough information .
Cannes had an irregular early history .
He even recently started a cave census .
Clarke remembers changing them to red .
There is no gray area in the postseason .
Sun is a better company than most think .
Ofocurse they are reluctant to rehire .
And then he held the two other climbers .
Clinton has weighed in with his advice .
Paulk also had his own television show .
My country has lost a great human being .
Multiple entries will not be accepted .
Voters will decide what they make of it .
She and a son and a daughter survive him .
It builds like unpaid credit card debt .
I got lots of compliments on my driving .
There are some stunning photos on here .
You seem to pretty much hate each other .
My overriding concern is for children .
Many are destined for the dinner table .
Vonn travels the circuit with his wife .
He was only diagnosed for three months .
It brings it all front and center again .
But within a few minutes they were back .
But here comes the vicious arithmetic .
There is plenty of reason for optimism .
The company also set up a memorial fund .
The watch is driven by the meter itself .
Wallace was hardly the worst of the lot .
Many shows operate on a tight schedule .
Use them to play with their body weight .
I think it comes down to mismanagement .
Greenberg is a special correspondent .
He is dealing with eligibility issues .
Tell your momma she might want to watch .
We like the colour and grain of the wood .
Use one calendar for all appointments .
All journeys begin with the first step .
Take a victory lap after the game is won .
We all know that is true if we are honest .
From a concerned independent thinker .
Only the cars get stuck in traffic jams .
Both sons and one daughter are married .
The majority is deeply wrong on the law .
Tiffany says mmummble fumimmg mummob .
People took their meals in the open air .
That means businesses get less credit .
Cats can only play in water supervised .
The pads and shoes have nothing to grip .
Everything has the feel of a nightmare .
This is the kind of thing big sisters do .
They pleaded not guilty to the charges .
Three baskets came in the final minute .
Those are tough footsteps to follow in .
Another wallaby suffered singed ears .
The room has the smell of exhausted air .
English spelling is uniquely complex .
Two other men suffered minor injuries .
Babar said no decisions had been taken .
It was his second touchdown of the game .
So the merger will create cost savings .
But other things have not been settled .
Norway does not have the death penalty .
But the problem is not likely to go away .
His words may seem like a cry of despair .
He was released on bail this afternoon .
Robsten are a typical tabloids couple .
It was his first experience of custody .
Their three daughters are fully grown .
They certainly are not asking for more .
This could have been a mammoth tragedy .
There are certainly reasons for doubt .
Ask yourself which century we inhabit .
The same team won both games four times .
It did not give the ages of the children .
That depresses their overall returns .
Selling the house was hardly an option .
Ocean waves come in several varieties .
They are his confidantes and his peers .
Police said his injuries were serious .
The elderly are more vital than before .
What is left goes into your health care .
He blames a rise in computer ownership .
Offset mortgages are not for everyone .
The paper calls it an insult to the dead .
Leipheimer said that was fine with him .
The deer and cats are also being culled .
Much of the criticism is short sighted .
It has no chance of helping our economy .
The abuse was not apparent to everyone .
The rest of the world should also worry .
She had consumption and tuberculosis .
I might as well seize this opportunity .
What they must rely on are intangibles .
The police have condemned the attacks .
That old war never died in his lifetime .
He said he would provide like coverage .
I cannot sit up to look out of the window .
I was terrified going into the feature .
Even turning them on can cause trouble .
The wounded man was finally evacuated .
The rebels were repulsed from the city .
The man has no arms from the elbows down .
He had plenty of company in that regard .
I kept thinking it was lack of estrogen .
The special interest pull the strings .
Perfect to sit in front of the back four .
The first checked bag will remain free .
So it would be surprising if they did so .
The attack had been planned for months .
She declined to identify the employee .
The people aboard the vessel were safe .
A lot of people are out of work right now .
The snow has led to some unusual sights .
The second requirement is deterrence .
A depression is no longer on the agenda .
All the staff around him are brilliant .
Moments later they tried the same ploy .
She remains undecided about marriage .
No need to guess which group prevailed .
The resemblance has to mean something .
What follows will be business as usual .
He sat down and took a big gulp of coffee .
You encounter unexpected resistance .
Your network is a sick disgusting joke .
The team said he had a tooth knocked out .
All four aid workers on board were safe .
The credit covers both parts and labor .
Company subject to a resale agreement.
Her large brown eyes widened with fear .
There are undoubtedly new challenges .
But he said the cargo should be checked .
The team aspect is most important to me .
He immediately ordered more troops in .
That is how voters will perceive it too .
Architecturally the house is a puzzle .
I was in practice and never really down .
And using the service is just as simple .
Eight missions remain on the schedule .
I want clean hotels and delicious food .
Parents and other relatives are aging .
He denied he led a criminal enterprise .
Sabbar drove for six hours to audition .
The first one they opened was a toaster .
Chin is now serving life for the murder .
Stay away from angry and bitter people .
They all know that big change is coming .
I tilted my head in the right direction .
But they had a few things going for them .
He was convicted of treason and hanged .
They said they would return but did not .
Anand forced a draw by playing sharply .
Cheese can actually prevent cavities .
The crackdown was launched soon after .
Gosselin could certainly use the help .
Three positions are still to be filled .
She has been doing this for seven years .
It sure is when that is all you put there .
Yet their princely stature is present .
These are water purification tablets .
The official stats are way off reality .
And look through this window over here .
Thousands of others were still at risk .
And add an obscure winery along the way .
But now the album is done and sequenced .
It is unclear where the blast happened .
The only degree of uncertainty was how .
This is not simply a financial problem .
It was a brave and noble move on her part .
It is rare that it ever becomes an issue .
Most doctors are opposed to funding it .
Ending this dependence will take time .
This is perverse to the point of lunacy .
He claims to have notched up successes .
God would pop up at unexpected moments .
Michel urged the rivals to compromise .
He finished a triple short of the cycle .
All gave evidence in person yesterday .
He declined to identify the companies .
Eventually the authorities relented .
And it has a large debt payment looming .
Please educate yourself on this topic .
She represents me and many like myself .
Two of them had reportedly been beaten .
Leslie led the surge with eight points .
During the week we are all out for lunch .
But they have been allowed to change it .
Cahill has lost three straight starts .
A disgusting waste of court and prison .
The name of the game reveals its appeal .
Dupre has not been charged with a crime .
Plenty out there ready to replace them .
That leaves him tied for seventh place .
The audience left and duly downloaded .
More than ten police officers arrived .
Please include your personal details .
He was not named in the newspaper story .
The talks were called off six weeks ago .
Six police officers were also injured .
What he admires is its supreme utility .
This is such a moving and eloquent post .
I cannot understand where he came from .
The officiating crew is in discussion .
There is no doubt that it is suiting him .
Latchkey kids become latchkey adults .
The more they hide the more people push .
Donec tempus iaculis justo id sodales .
Not exactly free of a right wing agenda .
Toyota is not in that kind of danger yet .
There are some striking similarities .
Roitfeld smiles as if she is having fun .
And we have a lot of precedence for that .
She pointed to holes ripped in the tent .
It lacks leadership and organisation .
And the turn comes not a moment too soon .
At least one of the officers was on duty .
We are into the rhythm of trail life now .
Her identity has never been disclosed .
The allegation was denied by all sides .
That might be the best option in the end .
The other side is used to taking damage .
Hudson also could hear from witnesses .
But this year it is doing it with a twist .
She brought the forms to class for help .
I do not believe he had any alternative .
Within hours those numbers would grow .
There was history sewn into each dress .
Best keep healthcare just fer the rich .
All he has done is what he was hired to do .
So did the brother of one of the victims .
But these are matters of practicality .
The building suffered serious damage .
Below is the list of how senators voted .
It could have been even more arresting .
There is no ghost of such an enemy today .
He blamed the unrest on criminal gangs .
Yet some have raised voices of concern .
An additional thistle feeder is a plus .
They also must submit to a credit check .
Take your time and write from the heart .
The fiance is not considered a suspect .
Of course they are off to an early start .
By all accounts it was a miserable trip .
They could snack whenever they wanted .
No telephone replay will be available.
No one likes bombs raining down on them .
Next came a test to see if it was working .
Israeli officials have had no comment .
It has a color camera that shoots video .
I take a rather special delight in them .
There will even be a simulated landing .
A produce rack was added near the front .
A mildly embarrassed silence follows .
I like the way colours diffuse the skin .
People relate personal ghost stories .
Armenta said that the wait was worth it.
But the denouement was extraordinary .
The seven astronauts had yet to suit up .
But the laughs evaporated soon enough .
It certainly works that way in fashion .
About one in eight infected babies die .
That would represent a numeric defeat .
The food was served in plastic pouches .
Sometimes we are jerks to our children .
They compete aggressively on margins .
All previously had taken antibiotics .
Syria wants the entire territory back .
They often envision a memorial inside .
The agency is belatedly being wound up .
I speak from personal experience here .
The visitors hit back with a superb try .
Six is a nice number for a chamber group .
His prey are invisible to the naked eye .
The bond market was mixed over the week .
Spitzer was never charged with a crime .
The split should be complete next year .
Dead chickens littered the shoreline .
The accusation was probably baseless .
He sounded disappointed but composed .
Sexually the film is very circumspect .
That is less than a quarter of a percent .
Your contempt for her is breathtaking .
But it really does feel like small beer .
Our military families deserve better .
I post it here for historical interest .
The city remains racially segregated .
This one has the potential to be a doozy .
Some cases are resolved within months .
Garner shined in her sleek black frock .
I asked how life had changed since then .
Sunderland team news will appear here .
He was helped off the field by trainers .
Very likely a wealthy patron bought it .
But that research may be shortsighted .
The recent drought has been bad enough .
Iowa has long had a progressive streak .
He never settled back in the city again .
The next step in this case is uncertain .
But that has also prompted challenges .
This does not just mean family or group .
Milwaukee batted around in the fourth .
Yilmaz had little choice in the matter .
Erring on the cost estimates of the war .
He brought out the best in people he met .
The force plans to step up the campaign .
Read the book and find out for yourself .
But it is likely that numbers will fall .
But the circumstances have coincided .
An hour and a bit later they were all out .
Polls offer conflicting predictions .
That is expected to arrive fairly soon .
Recent studies give red meat a bad name .
They may change their shopping habits .
But to be honest they are the exception .
He had not told his players of his plans .
Ireland starting to show some touches .
The answer appeared to be probably not .
She double speaks just like they all do .
It was one position he never got to play .
This fungal disease is on the increase .
Harang struck out nine in four innings .
He ultmately won the general election .
International patent or application .
The space station is finally finished .
Monks joined and showed their support .
If only they could observe themselves .
Understand that they live in a paradox .
Gold prices fell as the dollar climbed .
He declined to provide more specifics .
Political concerns are another issue .
There is no way to see or check every one .
The move was notable for its immediacy .
But the real mission remained unclear .
Reports say he could be out in six weeks .
Drain and squeeze out the excess water .
Then he punched it on the straightaway .
She was reprimanded but not suspended .
Fascist symbols are also significant .
Madagascar is used to tropical storms .
He says no immediate arrests were made .
I am proud of the records with my name on .
Eleven are still being held for ransom .
Murray maintains he did nothing wrong .
Having people narc on their neighbors .
Where he chooses to do it is hardly news .
Boss was not involved in the discovery .
But he said that was in the distant past .
Eight othersare under investigation .
Several people were cut from wreckage .
Loud cell phone talking has two causes .
This is my second trip to the symposium .
How much time did they spent on this boy .
Its my opinion that this sort of public .
But the biggest risk is macroeconomic .
He was sentenced to two years in prison .
His enthusiasm for life is contagious .
Short positions need not be disclosed .
That would ruin the whole thing for him .
I think we are in trouble in the long run .
Driving is above all a mental activity .
I have several bird feeders in my patio .
What a great way to spend my tax dollars .
They have great hopes for their future .
That gain caught analysts by surprise .
The subtitles are great incidentally .
His ministerial career was a shambles .
Asian stock markets were also falling .
Afghanistan has been a signal success .
The police are on the trail of a suspect .
Silly hats send me into a shouting rage .
But something else seems to be going on .
But public employees have been warned .
The prospects for their house were dim .
Americans seem to like psychotherapy .
Police then fired tear gas and charged .
At least one injury was reported there .
Police described the scene as carnage .
Excellent launch weather is forecast .
I never asked anything of the campaign .
It is a reproductive insurance policy .
We do it for a lot of white collar crimes .
There will be more repeats inevitably .
There is no line to draw regarding this .
His authority over his party dwindles .
Sit down now for a brief history lesson .
That could lead to a fractured outcome .
The government refused both requests .
Because then it just soaks up moisture .
And that opportunity should come soon .
The relative threats change with time .
I did not need them to tell me about that .
Furthermore please also note the date .
Those protections would come at a cost .
East took the king and returned a heart .
Triple that is really effing exciting .
It has transformed molecular biology .
Police say the president was unharmed .
Tuesday night classes were cancelled .
There were also genuine achievements .
I hope we all learn something from this .
Hundreds of homes have been destroyed .
You have owned the condo for many years .
But his cooking is the genuine article .
Brenda was face down and fully clothed .
Our faith is ridiculed on a daily basis .
I respect him for that sound judgement .
His body was discovered two days later .
The first group to be excluded is women .
And they seem to be gathering momentum .
Get a grip on the conspiracy fantasies .
Bankers are in no position to complain .
America alone cannot secure the peace .
You pressed it for a settlement figure .
Ward has never denied his involvement .
Skinner was not available for comment .
Instead he went into the film business .
They indicated him to stop which he did .
A book signing will follow the program .
That should be telling in and of itself .
Talk about your screwed up priorities .
Ofcom is right to initiate this debate .
There might be some allergic exposure .
The whole place had a dispiriting feel .
What it needs is a really good scramble .
Many regulators took up the challenge .
And then the bottom started to fall out .
People were evacuated from both areas .
I had a poor start thanks to clutch slip .
It is less likely also to occur in girls .
Eugenics is illegal and nazi paranoia .
It merely seems like windy theorising .
Thank you for the outstanding article .
That would be an incredible turnabout .
We ignore them at our collective peril .
It is likely to grow even more next year .
Police said the airport remained open .
Arsenal were ahead five minutes later .
Very good coordination and composure .
He was being immature as a businessman .
She was feeling very tired and very hot .
He next leads the ten and throws a spade .
Some have gone so far as to eliminate it .
All four deny involvement in the crime .
The other three men have not been found .
They can be virtually unintelligible .
Avalanches are common along the route .
They will likely gin up their lobbying .
Mahir had only three days left to serve .
The swaps market has been unregulated .
Few of them are in sales tax compliance .
Sleeping on the go can save extra dough .
I truly hope other members follow suit .
The decision is hard on who was the best .
Miles could not be reached for comment .
He had to reach down and win it on his own .
Both have been hurt by world recession .
The boy is not expected to face charges .
The letters were not read in open court .
Nike is his longest corporate sponsor .
He was unfortunate with some injuries .
By their clown noses ye shall know them .
Cut away the ends and slip off the skins .
He had to leave the pitch on a stretcher .
Distrust of government runs deep here .
But decades of war have ravaged the zoo .
One is that we were both naval aviators .
It is a dramatic change of heart for him .
I see this will be another troll thread .
Inductees will be announced this fall.
And local residents support this view .
The fortified ramparts were deserted .
He said he did not know where he would go .
Pour over the rhubarb and allow to cool .
He faces life in prison without parole .
The election is still four months away .
The date of the next hearing was not set .
Linda must be rolling over in her grave .
All of which has politicians confused .
He hopes to make it to the end of the game .
As a fan of postmodern drama and a teach .
Was for highways to sparkle with color .
Bronze fetches a good price these days .
This regimen suited my seedlings well .
Results will not be available for days .
Swann is more than a breath of fresh air .
Cardiac audit is now the gold standard .
This only reinflamed the civic uproar .
Many locals regard the shops as a curse .
Police are not believed to be involved .
And now visitors can be a part of the fun.
About time we got to address this topic .
She did not attend the news conference .
Stones were thrown at the local church .
She is simply trying to buy an election .
He had difficulty eating and speaking .
Someone who does not care cannot learn .
That is why the other moguls are scared .
My bet is on the weapons manufacturers .
Making an effort leads to a good result .
The council said a review was under way .
Our servicemen are undoubtedly brave .
Fashion can always be looked at as well .
Gay rights followed a similar pattern .
Others lapsed into perpetual apology .
The museum reopened only two years ago .
That vulnerability has now been fixed .
They then formed a nearly perfect pair .
This is definitely not part of the game .
He has also arranged to repay the money .
The occasion was hijacked by politics .
His travels led him to hallowed ground .
This amenity did not stop the disunity .
I feel more positive about everything .
My executive pursuit had only one goal .
Sports fans can be notoriously fickle .
He plans to retire at the end of the year .
Those targets have just been scrapped .
I do not regard the analogy as apposite .
Nor did it ease concerns of some allies .
Outside another slugged from a bottle .
He was a real cowboy with a tender heart .
In that everyone will come out a winner .
We book our train tickets accordingly .
And the measure enjoyed a wide victory .
As a concept it is not a hard call to make .
If you thought art was only for the rich .
It is a cauldron of human incompetence .
He wanted to tell her all about the moon .
Science and religion are intertwined .
On some nights he can stink up the arena .
A software update will fix the problem .
So allow me to present two case studies .
Suddenly the world is filled with fear .
And it looked like they were having fun .
It could be the beginning of deflation .
That is what the government also wants .
Yet it sounds like a sensible idea to me .
Chrysler has been bailed out twice now .
But not all green shoots come to flower .
The victim jumped out of the moving car .
There is a reason to release the photos .
Green still sports a military haircut .
Detectives have not ruled out suicide .
I share an apartment with my boyfriend .
They average eight infractions a game .
Rowan had seemingly made a connection .
Cipriani is in the spin cycle of choice .
He ruled out an amnesty for tax evaders .
There are a lot of tricks that you can do .
Thurmond said the polls are flat wrong .
Iowa legalized gay marriage last week .
They need to build back up to that point .
His debut album is expected in the fall .
What a beautiful and honest statement .
Tweeting is forbidden by the ministry .
The audience responded with applause .
Nasmyth was a keen sailor and horseman .
But the farms are no longer their focus .
Welcome to the new immigration office .
But that was just fine with organizers .
I came back and gave my documents again .
Talk about fishing down the food chain .
It is highly likely they will be traced .
Passengers will disembark overnight .
Agreeing is not the same as being happy .
Brown has said his childhood was rough .
No date for the sentencing has been set .
Most people had dispersed by midnight .
It came about while he was in a chat room .
The facts render this argument absurd .
There are not many options for growers .
This produced a huge round of applause .
We do not wish that suffering on anyone .
France has never had a woman president .
But his office phone did begin ringing .
Art collecting is much less hazardous .
Six were accorded witness protection .
I just worried about what that might be .
But his desire invited only more abuse .
This has enormous legal significance .
Ty smiles and says his buffalo is ready .
It would be a wonderful place to retire .
Broidy faces up to four years in prison .
We pay their bills in a massive fashion .
The judge did not say when he would rule .
Full list of targets is outlined below .
The statistic has changed a little bit .
This is typical of israeli propoganda.
Bernstein said he is impressed as well .
His teammates see the intensity build .
And with them comes the promise of time .
It will be your best friend come winter .
The private response was often bitter .
This must happen at all sorts of levels .
He has been convicted of manslaughter .
It is bang in the middle of a lush garden .
Both have apologized for what they did .
There are many more people here now too .
The second was still being questioned .
There are some interesting anomalies .
He longs to hold a female claw in his own .
Special awards were given to two teams .
This is becoming a body of work to watch .
Cut down your exposure to celebrities .
They did not name the company involved .
The evidence of change is indeed there .
And caught from behind as he scrambles .
The injured men were taken to hospital .
It is not known how badly it was damaged .
His defense attorneys vowed to appeal .
Explosives had been placed around him .
Students are admitted without charge .
It was the second spacewalk for the men .
Looks to be straight out of a video game .
Rental prices high in the inner cities .
Obama needs a reset button on his brain .
The ultimate voter supression tactic .
Caused patriot soldiers to fly to arms .
There has been some bumps along the way .
She was a huge hit in the room and beyond .
Good grooming must appear effortless .
Counterfeiting has never been easier .
The government rejects those numbers .
Thats what we need to do in this country .
I might not want to take the risk myself .
He is a pragmatist and at heart a townie .
Bullets had struck three women inside .
Clinton suggested that was not enough .
It has begun an inquiry into the affair .
And yet it is never honestly discussed .
This letter has been a long time coming .
Now officials are happily eating crow .
Charges against the girl were dropped .
Nor will they be paying much income tax .
And this is something we cannot accept .
That would be a problem for the writers .
Two of her brothers were also deported .
The gain was in line with expectations .
Two sensitive themes are intertwined .
He also celebrated him as a human being .
The effect is accelerated by latitude .
These corporations are out of control .
Other regions have also been affected .
Rates have soared since its enactment .
Failed statehood can still be avoided .
Sadly it all proved too little too late .
He is doing his best but it is not enough .
Its revenue also lagged expectations .
Dominos is more physically demanding .
And it ought to be the logic of taxation .
But that has enver stopped them before .
He said it was the same type of mood then .
The fun is over in a couple of mouthfuls .
This was not even a remote possibility .
He has two uncles who are hairdressers .
You can also use this plant for cooking .
And only that will bring love in return .
And it would generate some excitement .
I mean all this talk of turning the tide .
Suffering from allergies is horrible .
None can be harmed if we stand together .
I admire their strength and their bond .
It was his vision that made it a reality .
So much for power conference hegemony .
We have just had our second hunt supper .
It is the most incompetent city agency .
Phelps swam the first leg brilliantly .
Another cardigan had elongated cuffs .
It cites debt and the closure of stores .
Giuliani said fundraising was strong .
I found my mother dead of a heart attack .
They always end up hurting themselves.
It had nothing to do with intelligence .
It was unclear whether more would show .
Omar was the perfect producer for that .
Everyone can play defense if they want .
Smith was never a traditional pop star .
Hope this helps some readers out there .
But the dealer gave me some lame excuse .
Tests showed he died from a neck injury .
I come home with a pocketful of dollars .
What counts now is the implementation .
Rival parties have felt the sting most .
The case was adjourned until this week .
He will be watching from wherever he is .
And how his worshippers love him for it .
Asian equities indices followed suit .
Smoking can also lead to heart disease .
Sixteen years can feel like a lifetime .
Romney is a former venture capitalist .
Tcho is entering a competitive market .
But such near unity has been rare since .
Police patrolled around school areas .
All that chatter will fade soon enough .
Droughns scored on the following play .
The list of those handovers is growing .
There is talk of a vote of no confidence .
The player must be extremely talented .
They never like to dawdle on the ground .
The message will be displayed on buses .
But there were no marks on the pavement .
Sprinkle this mixture over the batter .
That is just messed up on so many levels .
We are not writing unsympathetically .
Stakes will be sold as soon as possible .
But he would have made a marvellous don .
Just thought it was worth pointing out .
We have something to show for that time .
The two are not necessarily connected .
But the army denied the fort had fallen .
There is the cook who prepares the food .
No hint of narcissism on this platform .
Mexican people just want a better life .
It is as if they have no rear view mirror .
The rule also sometimes applied to men .
But shutdown had to happen eventually .
They have hosted only one state dinner .
We were quite happy with our stay there .
It is not just women who were surprised .
She had just signed her divorce papers .
She has refused to say where the baby is .
My own garden is a more slapdash affair .
Walterboro police are investigating .
The rest are still in the trial program .
But protest leaders are not satisfied .
The way to impress her is to do a good job .
The background has changed color also .
All they can do is wait and keep hunting .
My mother and sister were in hysterics .
He loved life and was loved by everyone .
These pictures are becoming our story .
I felt them to be excessive and foolish.
Exit polls are banned for the election .
Prayer will protect you from the virus .
This is not an indiviual castastrophe .
There is no reason the rate could not go .
Then the pollster weights the answers .
The sentence is carried out in private .
Europeans use it to treat burn victims .
The likely suspects may be surprising .
The production is performed outdoors .
The other two suffered minor injuries .
I am not a glamorous person in real life .
Only one entry per person is permitted .
But it smacks of too much hard work to me .
And they became wildly rich overnight .
Bloomberg will never understand that .
Qatada was arrested the following day .
That unleashed a torrent of publicity .
The incident was under investigation .
The decades since have been less heady .
Mixing up words and deeds is dangerous .
Local regulators have learnt a lesson .
The search yielded a gun and marijuana .
The demographics are not on their side .
A kidnapper opened fire and killed him .
No decision was expected any time soon .
That was another political statement .
Not all visitors are that well behaved .
But they do not support calling it that .
She also served on the board of the bank .
It put me in a position to be next in line .
His home phone would ring incessantly .
But those bus tours were equally risky .
Try and get it through someone you know .
Rinse under cold water and drain again .
Those offering seasonal shots are red .
So this is three dusters inside a month .
Even domestic deals had mixed results .
That might be a bit of wishful thinking .
They should be given that opportunity .
My worst sound identical to your worst .
Then there is the pace of social change .
They never laid a hand on him after that .
He escaped his captors and fled abroad .
His family left the courtroom in tears .
Her husband found her body hours later .
You may need more than one line of twine .
This country needs to fall from within .
Pakistan has to show it can provide one .
I also have two relatives that are cops.
You are going through such a tough time .
They hope to use that time to get healed .
Both sides are close to reaching a deal .
The lawsuit is not the first of its kind .
His stepmother brushed off the injury .
The team is playing at a very high level .
That whole meal sounds like one big gag .
But that was not what the case was about .
But the evidence does not support this .
The driver was also taken to a hospital .
This should be the right milieu for him .
It started with a dinner conversation .
The proposal was disclosed this month .
This is the way forward for all farmers .
The country and politics is in tatters .
Trust their own independent judgment .
Being a fool really pays off these days .
The salt will keep for two weeks in a jar .
His first question took me by surprise .
Tennessee shows how big gap is between .
Apologies if it was a bit chaotic today .
It all depends on the type of vegetable .
I would use the money to pay off the debt .
He needed one stitch to close the wound .
But the sponsorship money did not last .
We can no longer be the silent majority .
Stepping back and becoming attentive .
But he feels sorry for other claimants .
I would most certainly not laugh at you .
Fingers crossed for success this time .
There are a lot of big games to be played .
You have a very large captive audience .
Now the fun is seeing who will join them .
Housing remains a deplorable problem .
This developing story will be updated .
Do tell us the ethics of that situation .
We feel lucky to have this opportunity .
Russia warns of serious consequences .
New technology means new ways to steal .
Jack has not even smiled in seven years .
Nor are the prices particularly cheap .
But the revelation is under the bonnet .
A mockingbird sang out in the darkness .
I like that people are getting furious .
The rising dollar led to selling of oil .
We started nervously and conceded two .
I never knew fish could swim backwards.
Kane has survived almost anonymously .
They are far too easy to be manipulated .
The majority will be switched off by it .
This incident is still with the police .
Transfer the shellfish to a large bowl .
Valdez was penalized for the same drug .
There have been other benefits as well .
Booklet containing this information .
Part of the answer is baldly political .
They even employed the same cameraman .
Obama took the time and effort to visit .
Let me know your thoughts and comments .
This bubble is called the heliosphere .
The two interpretations are concrete .
The archbishop did not receive a reply .
That should help soften the recession .
Must remember the sacrifice of the few .
No church services are held at the site .
He denied she had ever asked him to stop .
He looked like he wanted to say it again .
We are a transmedia company at our core .
It will be one policy he can never steal .
This is what has caused so much outrage .
How that movie ends is an open question .
But others spread and continue to burn .
Not all audiences have been so patient .
All this is technologically possible .
This anime thing really is catching on .
The car really did handle beautifully .
The only unquiet thing anywhere was me .
He is only practicing what he preaches .
It sounded like a literal crash course .
Apparently they know who they invited .
The final stretch dragged impossibly .
See five painless ways to cut expenses .
The land was turning to desert and dust .
Only two operating rooms were working .
Her departure was announced last week .
The comparison was all too easy to make .
The maglev is a controversial project .
Clearance had to come from the very top .
Perhaps he likes the taste of jail food .
Sport was my way of allowing me to dream .
The book raises intriguing questions .
The coroner ruled the death a homicide .
Flying out here or there or everywhere .
All the others said they served it free .
He has another side and another agenda .
But that is so completely not the point .
The man is merely chubby and agreeable .
Vietnam analogies can be treacherous .
Some students are clearing the rubble .
Their agonizing vigil is far from over .
Evolution is not politically correct .
People of who care should be screaming .
The possibilities are surely endless .
The case remains under investigation .
There was something karmically wrong .
But using a teaspoon was so much easier .
One in particular moved me enormously .
Most of competition are small players.
Tymoshenko said in an appeal to voters .
The exasperation was understandable .
The aluminium roofs leak when it rains .
Scores were said to have been arrested .
We should never have gone into this war .
Now he has to recapitalise the economy .
Their exact majority is still unknown .
We scored three goals but conceded two .
The bus had backed up onto the sidewalk .
We might even get to hear a nightingale .
Why this happened exactly is a mystery .
Think about the pitch of your voice too .
Clark is not seeking any monetary gain .
Scientific evidence is inconclusive .
You mean back when prayer was in school .
That sealed his international renown .
The latter may soon be on borrowed time .
I am trying to keep my food bill in check .
I dont have a problem with gays serving .
This approach does not legalize drugs .
They would need to be evacuated as well .
It makes me stand up from the bench a lot .
Free food and beverages were provided .
Our complete disclaimer appearshere .
Campbell remains executive chairman .
The company has no official employees .
More than half for fighting terrorism .
Half the people who live there are poor .
But what is happening now is different .
It is probably a combination of the two .
And to remain hopeful about the future .
The problem is where to find these jobs .
But he has stumbled over issues of race .
Cathedral carol services are special .
Our lady has learned a valuable lesson .
But the pull of the cosmos was too great .
She could not immediately say how many .
Hot weather takes some getting used to .
I presume that is not what was intended .
Some men have married and had children .
Rikki insists it just proves she cares .
Some have been living off canned goods .
Many people would think this man a hero .
The store is now stocked to the ceiling .
Neither was a pleasurable experience .
Bodies were replicated the world over .
Confidence was weak but dived further .
We should be vigilant and monitor them .
Maybe not so much for small bookstores .
What change are we supposed to believe .
Denner says his client is mentally ill .
This conviction has farcical aspects .
The sky above is an area of lighter blue .
So shareholders suffer more dilution .
Maybe they talked about airplane food .
We were all looking forward to this one .
No portfolios have yet been announced .
Nothing in this room dispels the fancy .
Both states willfully broke the rules .
Anger over costly projects as nursing .
Dimwitted and failed attempt at humor .
He was troubled and no one saw the signs .
Both teams kept their rotations short .
They are also almost exclusively male .
But the technology is well understood .
Police say the video was taken at a home .
This in turn blighted his middle years .
But over three decades it diversified .
Its electronic processes are history .
What you write is not universally true .
This can only give you a skewed picture .
I wish you all the best with your dreams .
All in all it was a pretty mixed evening .
She is now married to her third husband .
He was always civil but never effusive .
We are one of the best teams in the world .
The economy is also in desperate shape .
He had suffered a number of stab wounds .
But this time the storm passed quickly .
Many more people now work for the state .
I would not call that being aggressive .
It is not a trivial problem by any means .
One was a slum thug with a fat gold chain .
The book has stirred painful memories .
This is the first decline in four years .
But this appears at last to be changing .
That is a lot of violence against women .
Inflation is apparent and escalating .
It said the outlook for both was stable .
Others have been kidnapped for ransom .
Opponents are also getting organized .
Bravo to him for wanting more than that .
I recommend getting one of these tools .
Wireless data usage continues to rise .
By inspiring people to get things done .
It is an astonishingly powerful piece .
Ordinary employees are not as well off .
But the strategy has proved difficult .
Otherwise they are barred from school .
I have no first hand knowledge of any of .
There is nothing self centred about it .
He was taken across the border and shot .
There are a lot of ways of getting there .
Louise sipped her coffee and grimaced .
Remember to keep your report balanced .
There is one room still to be renovated .
He is due to report back later this year .
I focused on those big expensive items .
The boat is awash above and below decks .
We must cast our votes for the other one .
The hard feelings apparently are gone .
Email complaints get rejected as well .
The scars on his face have disappeared .
The club faces an imminent cash crisis .
But that would not make for good gaming .
But it would be much less fun without it .
But that day may be years in the dawning .
No one can fail to sympathise with them .
The shortage first emerged last month .
Danielle was not even the worst of them .
He was a member of the security council .
Barkley conceded he may face jail time .
I guess he does have a lot more practice .
Iran also welcomed the new government .
See pictures of the best oscar dresses .
More victims are speaking out bravely .
Frank talk about energy policy is rare .
And the customer service is appalling .
The mayor is clearly acting as a racist .
Miles responded that could be the case .
Eight people are under investigation .
Broader stock index futures also slid .
Milton describes the emotional scene .
He is free to look for other employment .
He sat me down and made me write them out .
The bright hot colors are not from lava .
This marks a dramatic change in policy .
The players are all flat on their backs .
Wow kinda scary when you think about it .
This would be considered a compliment .
It snapped the bone and tore the muscle .
Chuck asked earlier about sacrifices .
Only the mother survived the massacre .
There are several hundred people here .
Touch the picture of the kind of cheese .
The remainder are wind power projects .
Whether they keep it is another matter .
He now plans to win back the presidency .
Rob will hopefully be here imminently .
Make a phone call and report the person .
The best moments are the overturnings .
That consensus appears to be emerging .
She can hardly contain her excitement .
And he always has a full grin on his face .
This century she has gone into eyewear .
Other factors also heighten the drama .
He smelled of ozone and warm tortillas .
This book is an aid to such reflections .
The parents in question do owe you that .
He has developed a large loyal fanbase .
Nor does she find her films depressing .
Making that appointment is essential .
Civilians are driven from their homes .
Great writing and keep up the good work .
I recall the extra butter costing more .
Olmert said he had been misunderstood .
Right now both parties smell stagnant .
But the investors take most of the risk .
He has the right to do process of the law .
The results were better than expected .
Lock the mortise lock on the front door .
I have to do something for these people .
The young girl was hit by a falling wall .
That offers little motivating upside .
But dysfunction has also been a factor .
So we discharged him from the hospital .
Gromek was used in studies of the blood .
This proves how psycho some people are .
And he makes journalism sound such fun .
I must be missing the distinction here .
So it will feel like bad economic times .
It all sounds fantastically exciting .
And he had a weakness for amphetamines .
All those muscles are popcorn muscles .
Racing is so enviromentally friendly .
He wanted to make sure you knew about it .
We have hard conversations sometimes .
This is all about the metaphorical bar .
Labour has completely forgotten this .
So it must be careful to cut rate wisely .
Many challenges still block that goal .
Many fetched record prices last night .
All are still believed to be in custody .
Why not in all the states and countries .
Makeshift hospitals are overwhelmed .
Dung and firewood are separate issues .
Click here for more from the interview .
Arenas said the weapons were unloaded .
This violence does not stop at borders .
He has the chance to build a career here .
The technology could advance quickly .
Correlation does not equal causation .
Unimaginative might be more accurate .
But things may not be as bad as they seem .
Today it seems that little has changed .
The procedure went off without a hitch .
That keep playing at the back of my mind .
She realized it could happen to her too .
Both are funded by large deposit bases .
It was pitched quite high emotionally .
Giving people things is weak and pansy .
European sales are apparently modest .
His expenses were covered by the party .
He vehemently denies the allegations .
This is about real life and real people .
The trip may not be free of controversy .
It is not yet know when the fire started .
Broader market indexes also advanced .
It happens every year around this time .
Now they will no longer feel out of time .
One of its key performers is in his debt .
Their parameters are quite different .
This is really a fantasy architecture .
A man was later arrested in the village .
Meals are served and eaten communally .
England have not taken a backward step .
He could have hammered this point home .
He was burning to give his point of view .
All the metals had been allowed to rust .
An appeal to the high court is possible .
Damage was just as great in other areas .
It has strengthened local identities .
I had not heard the original broadcast .
Other patrons then raise their voices .
These rare images capture some of them .
The human consequences are desperate .
But residents could face disruptions .
You can crop lightly in its second year .
Similar results can be seen elsewhere .
A man whom he knew had been shot to death .
He stumbled into it almost by accident .
I thought she could simply do anything .
Mild with above average temperatures .
A number had been taken abroad and sold .
Bush came and soaked it in for four days .
Police say he sometimes wears glasses .
Seven other kidnappers were captured .
More corporate media driven politics .
The motive for the shooting is unclear .
The electorate is largely uneducated .
This book is not about whistle blowing .
It means all these teams have two teams .
Something else is going on here as well .
Seattle had won its previous two games .
California cities showed solid gains .
He ran on the promist to change all this .
But there are still major differences .
But that was before the banking crisis .
The studios have already taken notice .
Some are listed in critical condition .
Its all about the dollars and the deals .
I was seriously spiralling downwards .
Something they should be very proud of .
Insurance typically pays most of this .
The apartments are totally destroyed .
This story brought back fond memories .
For us it really does not get any better .
They are then surveyed about the bills .
And humble origins are always admired .
Thanks for not using a sports metaphor .
A short clip jogs my memory just as well .
Journalists had to listen obediently .
Police believed that ten were trapped .
Quietest round by far in scoring shots .
They have rush dimbaugh and glenn beck .
This was the making of him as a comedian .
Then he was caught smoking cigarettes .
He was hurt by his ties to the incumbent .
Always hoping and wishing for the best .
The cat is purely a soul music assassin .
They seem to be enjoying the attention .
He said a lawsuit would be forthcoming .
Seems that term is used in this article .
The arrested man was being questioned .
His buddies knew instantly he was gone .
Patterns also vary between downturns .
Other stocks in the sector were higher .
The temptation is to stand up and cheer .
The suspects have not yet been charged .
Even if he fails he cannot help to learn .
Sanders has a long history of injuries .
My friends have been paired up for ages .
He did not identify any of these people .
I really do think about all of this a lot .
Nor is it enough to change the industry .
It will keep drinks cold and food fresh .
But liquidity is a more urgent problem .
They need to be addressed immediately .
Florida has been less than hospitable .
Where the providers differ is in perks .
Steel barricades ran across the alley .
But we tried hard and played a good game .
He raised alarms early about the risks .
Warsaw insists the sums were far lower .
The authorities should ensure they do .
The spinners were no more restrictive .
Funeral plans have not been announced .
But they are otherwise very different .
They would have to find something else .
We need to move to a new model for energy .
Seven men raped her before she fainted .
I would sacrifice myself for my mother .
But the meeting was closed to the press .
Dems will not relinquish power easily .
Send us your views using the form below .
This show does not have enough viewers .
Media reported she had hanged herself .
Nor are these the only contradictions .
One must question whether this is true .
Initially he specialised in westerns .
We carried out life saving techniques .
She was clear about why she was doing it .
Not every state has gotten the message .
Desserts sent us on our way with smiles .
I turned and saw a man coming towards me .
Her little sister discovered the body .
Pour the milk and cream into a saucepan .
One person had to have an arm amputated .
He resigned from the show the next week .
He had removed almost two litres of fat .
Neither tack has met with much success .
Commercial banks are still in trouble .
It has been through recessions before .
It is not clear who the other two men are .
Only to them it will be deeply personal .
Scheider was also politically active .
Democracy should make it harder to win .
And he wields his pruners accordingly .
I have work pretty early in the morning .
But it is starting to seem so yesterday .
Its a matter of necessity for most of us .
Joba is celebrated in more subtle ways .
He was sentenced to community service .
Click here to listen to the police tape .
They need help to make a light bulb work .
The desire is certainly just as strong .
This is not about my wife or my daughter .
And users are raving about the service .
At times she seemed unsure of the words .
Southern has now lost six games in a row .
Girls in bikinis ride horses bareback .
Season lightly on both sides with salt .
Restructuring morphed into survival .
And right now there is an economic fire .
The national average is far below that .
It all starts to make some sort of sense .
The problems were easily correctible .
I went on his diet and remain on it today .
The other bedrooms have private baths .
That is what we do when we are at our best .
That is because the amoeba is very rare .
They are due to be sentenced next month .
The ratings simply went back to normal .
Drain the pasta and add to the broccoli .
He got up and approached the defendant .
The cow was put down by a vet at the scene .
The couple have two daughters and a son .
It would be a marvellous day in history .
None of the banks admitted wrongdoing .
Few details of the talks were released .
The inquiry has not yet formally begun .
Armani does not need an iconic handbag .
But when they pulled the chopstick out .
This is all about paying for potential .
The voters tore up her ticket a year ago .
Let us take each of these points in turn .
We shall leave another nation in ruins .
There would be an uproar and rightly so .
But genes cannot exist independently .
Amy provided stability and structure .
Mistaken identity has been one reason .
But you other four were darned good too .
Excellent for making chilli con carne .
There is no passcode or meeting number .
He did not provide additional details .
Otherwise it faces tougher sanctions .
Party leaders revel in this obscurity .
The right level of funding is critical .
I still find your headline misleading .
You could even get all dressed up for it .
Power and cables are lying on the roads .
But the party was over a few hours later .
Charges could be filed in coming weeks .
Spector denied it making the comments .
The early days were marked by wariness .
A pall of smoke over the mine can be seen .
Frustration boiled over at some sites .
I hope the injured cricketers are fine .
The commentary can do your head in a bit .
Reading is going to take a hit from this .
This is only the beginning of the story .
I never expected anything personally .
Two suspects were eventually charged .
Investors have simply lowered the bar .
Selection by ability is not permitted .
Roughly one in sixty of the population .
Many of their successors remain today .
And not exactly the way you might think .
Workers are part and parcel of society .
Photographs scarcely do them justice .
They also are at higher risk for asthma .
Students have proved just as obdurate .
I never really lost sight of that dream .
A reporter called to tell him he had won .
He was acquitted of eight other counts .
He was still single and had no children .
Both impressions came from a distance .
The marmalade takes care of itself too .
He did it for about six hours yesterday .
What an unusual idea of ordinary he has .
Geithner has also watched his own back .
She was listed by the police as missing .
The third boy suffered minor injuries .
Twenty percent said they were opposed .
Even photographs have to be perceived .
The audience yesterday was mainly men .
This is not hard clinical outcome data .
Politics are a permanent negotiation .
To exercise four to five times per week .
No hearing date has been set in the case .
I think we may finally have a chance now .
He is awaiting sentencing this spring .
So you can get paid to do good even there .
Such as insurgent attacks and looting .
I was a big fan of the show the first year .
The company did not announce the buyer .
I was still trying to remember the soup .
Divide among warmed individual bowls .
Large banks oppose those ideas as well .
But there are still many dangers ahead .
Imagine a hail of cannon balls falling .
Guess that shut your selfish mouths up .
He also would not comment on the arrest .
Not one dime for copyright infringers .
In most ways my life is close to my ideal .
It was unclear when the letter arrived .
Many horses in the sport are teenagers .
People wanted to know about computers .
Morris says they like sweet chestnuts .
He was unable to gain any support for it .
Apple declined to comment on its plans .
I called the police and left my details .
The case is now tangled up in the courts .
And doctors are scrambling to catch up .
The pirates never made it onto the ship .
And off we go without further question .
Others in the group were not mentioned .
It was like walking into another world .
Asked you about that earlier this week .
The two men apparently knew each other .
Countless birds have also been culled .
Torres can cause any defence problems .
I remember being an object of contempt .
There are two types of zones in the city .
That is the best way to turn form around .
We should do everything we can for them .
We can not count on our school system to .
But this orderly way of life is fraying .
They just got in and took some pictures .
Her lawyer said she intended to appeal .
It also could include more defendants .
So they hunted stealthily for a second .
Other pieces of the budget plan failed .
I feel the same way about prostitution .
They look at ways to have fun on a budget .
He says it felt like riding ocean waves .
They stanched the bleeding with gauze .
None of the firefighters were injured .
Raqiba meanwhile hopes to move on soon .
But such matters are to go undiscussed .
They said women were among the victims .
Liberals liek to create worry and fear .
Schwarzenegger running out of time to .
For half an hour they took photographs .
I think that was the most fun part for me .
Amazon did not take the ultimatum well .
There is now an opportunity for change .
Two major concepts guide its thinking .
He says the family were very welcoming .
It is easy to buy and overpay for things .
What a dishonorable piece of pond scum .
I texted him twice and he never got back .
Both teams are winning by huge margins .
I found that pragmatic need inspiring .
Neither of them is eager to explore why .
It was depressing from start to finish .
Victims have five years to file claims .
Cao was renting a room from the victims .
Bankers are undoubtedly paid too much .
Massachusetts is now trying just that .
Ross headed for third on the throw home .
I have a hard time getting rid of things .
I have a strong feeling it would be both .
Grindle insisted that never happened .
Most video games serve to amp people up .
Police have described the men as white .
We are slowly and surely getting there .
Associations die hard in this theatre .
Reforming these systems is not enough .
Company announced will not be renewed.
Airbus yesterday declined to comment .
Glavine walked none and struck out one .
He is in a serious but stable condition .
No amount of denial can cover this fact .
Exactly when he will return is unknown .
But the boom times are definitely over .
Just what we need in these dismal times .
He did not say when he planned to return .
Four victims are now in intensive care .
A sixth train failed the following day .
The positive news was not in isolation .
The thieves would rather have the lock .
There are no dependable opinion polls .
Some human behavior remains a mystery .
Another spell in the cold looks likely .
It is too soon to draw that era to a close .
This follows hard upon critical raves .
Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper .
The shares appear to have bottomed out .
The plane was badly damaged in the fire .
But it might have been better than that .
I got a comprehensive blood test first .
We need to focus on things like that too .
One problem is the lack of any standard .
Neither remotely sold out the theater .
A lot of people in his team gave into him .
Technology will come and turn the page .
I do not understand all the negativity .
Thanks for the comment and stopping by .
The slightest hint of a smile followed .
We saw a number of riot trucks parked up .
It may matter more in a slowing economy .
Not everyone is happy about this trend .
Losing your hair may actually be worse .
I doubt he has much idea of what he can do .
Charles was the star of the last big win .
Your own talent is your greatest asset .
They then took his wallet and passport .
But the museum itself is very well done .
Palm trees swayed gently in the breeze .
The court must still settle that issue .
The second big concern is maintenance .
Bond prices rose as stocks fluctuated .
The woman next to me slumped in her seat .
Some were carried in the arms of others .
A soldier was also killed in the attack .
But this has now run up against reality .
He reckons they have never been busier .
It raised far more money than expected .
There was high interest in the auction .
There simply are no minutes available .
Base maps are updated every few months .
The reports helped lift major indexes .
A month ago that seemed inconceivable .
The extent of the injuries was unknown .
It denied this amounted to a papal snub .
Well it certainly did him lasting harm .
Sounds like someone was right earlier .
The rest are defectors from both sides .
It gave no reason for the postponement .
The problems we face are big and urgent .
I disagree with taxing soda and juices .
Friday with the second round to follow .
The bedrooms are impossibly romantic .
We do not want to repeat those mistakes .
Two cases were also dropped last month .
Jimmy and his team lost in the playoffs .
He used to play daily during the summer .
Hales said one was undergoing surgery .
That leads to the end of the prejudices .
Some of them are in leadership offices .
Then there are all the practicalities .
She suggested throwing the trash back .
And there is a fundamental difference .
Her request was denied two years later .
This matters more now than ever before .
Independent experts are less damning .
Two things threaten that demographic .
Surely a fit subject for a documentary .
Greenfield needs to hire a researcher .
I still do not want to be a burden on them .
This was nothing partisan or personal .
Frank is and has always been a class act .
Many of his grenades hit their targets .
Most residents have nowhere else to go .
It was music to stroke a goatee beard to .
Chiang eventually got the loan anyway .
And that does make things more complex .
They do not necessarily do them better .
He said he has two years to figure it out .
Its meaning lies in the simple gesture .
A date for the return has yet to be fixed .
These are responses from eight of them .
But that was only the crudest response .
I learned what it means to bear witness .
Median prices fell in both categories .
But he did lose his home and livelihood .
A device exploded as his convoy passed .
Such bursts of optimism were isolated .
All we can do is go on the side of the road .
Agricultural futures were also mixed .
You know what her parents are thinking .
I know that times are tough for credit b .
There was a similar movie that came out .
The weather was partly cloudy and mild .
I take issue with your central premise .
Gladhands on the field and calls plays .
Deeper water means more expensive oil .
His lawyer has also said he is innocent .
They were all on a mission to get to work .
All at the tax payers expense ofcourse .
Hatred only hurts the one who is hating .
The charges cover the last three years .
He was jeered for that lackluster bout .
I was delighted to not go to university .
You are using borrowed money to invest .
Ahmadinejad declined to meet with her .
Rosalind has no intention of giving up .
They may not return again for some time .
He could not immediately be contacted .
We actually do not even have that money .
These leaders are in uncharted waters .
The laws did nothing to curb drug abuse .
Here he describes the changes he found .
Corporate buyouts have lost momentum .
Both men were white and one was on a bike .
The victim is now in a stable condition .
They should pay a sort of compensation .
He left for the monastery because it is .
She shuffles as though it hurts to walk .
A sconce above the bed casts a cozy glow .
No wonder his father seemed surprised .
The location is also in some ways ideal .
Some commentators think this faddish .
He called a whole bunch of them himself .
And then she offered him her guest room .
None will receive severance payments .
And the ordinary people are suffering .
Giving up that control is exciting too .
Hodgson had good reason to be relieved .
But government intervention can help .
Yet their title hopes now seem fragile .
She mentions both of these in her diary .
And social pressure may have an impact .
I am a lady with a lot to offer and would l .
It is unclear whether he achieved that .
We need proportional representation .
They refuse to let her go by the wayside .
That will mean some difficult choices .
Jail records show he has been released .
Once again ample clues were available .
In the end the jurors were unconvinced .
I think you are missing something here .
Help for a single mom trying to get a job .
Nemesis must be laughing herself sick .
Just to give credit where credit is due .
The bomb was rigged with nuts and bolts .
The youngest will soon finish college .
He was being evaluated at a park clinic .
He needs to change the rules of the game .
The camera she had brought popped open .
The resident looked almost reassured .
They will stay up all night to read them .
This is tantamount to a major betrayal .
But nobody wants a green swimming pool .
She was not wearing a helmet at the time .
Politics is not killing people either .
Apartment buildings are shown next to .
A doctor thought she might have the flu .
I want you to let my wife be in your group .
Both had been shot at point blank range .
These young people are spoiled rotten .
No advance notice of the test was given .
They have now agreed to repay the money .
There was only one turnover in the game .
It may soon become a matter of survival .
Aides say that he rarely loses his cool .
But the reality is increasingly urban .
A share of stock is a stake in a business .
Some bucks are beginning to chase does .
It is certainly not science and reason .
Never failed as nightwatchman either .
You realize there is a finiteness to it .
Their credit score is a good predictor .
Both vividly remind us that war is hell .
Mobile phone companies have joined in .
She can now literally buy a gold finger .
He says he had only had a couple of beers .
You excel at making crucial decisions .
She then relays the message to the team .
She is an extremely versitile actress .
A very predictable pattern to the game .
Maybe we need to be punished more often .
Recruitment standards are going down .
Such fears have been exploited before .
For many investors it could take years .
No one is sure what those costs would be .
The spill has closed five area beaches .
They have permanently lost my support .
Now that has become a scarce commodity .
I get some new nuance from it every year .
He has never lost a statewide election .
What we expected was not what happened .
I watch the digital ones on rabbit ears .
Too bad the fuel is so toxic when burned .
Non partisan and sadly not unexpected .
He saw it as an attack on his generation .
But it is unlikely to be smooth sailing .
Others shun the designation entirely .
A vote for cloture is a vote for the bill .
Downsize and get rid of the dead weight .
Tensions within the euro area persist .
The rest of her was covered by a body bag .
A broader backlash could be yet to come .
It is too early to put the antacids away .
But painting was always my hinterland .
I have been afflicted since childhood .
Dimetapp has since been reformulated .
There is no timetable for final action .
Your spending more money than you have .
New voting system means it may lose out .
Careless mixing can also be hazardous .
Fourteen foreign countries took part .
The weight on the bar can only ever go up .
Police have refused to say how she died .
But it risks unintended consequences .
All of these concerns may well be valid .
But that may not generate enough money .
Arreola desperate for a way to counter .
Remote continue to make good progress .
With affluence comes other delusions .
The four crew members were also killed .
That worked well throughout the match .
There have been policy announcements .
Dodds said he is considering an appeal .
Employers are still laying people off .
One of these men represents the future .
Others may end up at smaller boutiques .
It is only that there is no other option .
Change is afoot in the property market .
But relations are not often so cordial .
His wife was convicted for tax evasion .
Discussions are underway to extend it .
It was that kind of positive afternoon .
There are two ways around this problem .
She recently misplaced her cell phone .
The investigation has been expensive .
All those things are in the book as well .
None of the steroid users should get in .
It was great out there on the red carpet .
The speed of his collapse was shocking .
One for every player in the locker room .
But the peculiarities have faded away .
Now he has a new battle on the home front .
This story only gets more interesting .
Social media is all about connections .
Gluten free is also still going strong .
You are biggest polluters in the world .
That become a kind of obsessive search .
But this has taken on a different tenor .
The onion and garlic should not sizzle .
He had already used his three timeouts .
Gould recalled the dispatcher asking .
You need both parts now to be effective .
But she has another goal in mind as well .
Florida had won its previous two games .
Woods wound up winning the tournament .
Seriously though i am decent with good .
Trying to create a story out of nothing .
Professors are accommodating as well .
So the candidate of change fell silent .
I walk up the stairs to work in my office .
Vaccines are not an individual choice .
Swat refugees nurse dreams of peace in .
The scheme will be launched this month .
You will be hearing them all night long .
Water covered the wheels of his pickup .
But some clearly expect that to change .
This is a sickness among too many youth .
The aim is more to learn than to perform .
There were no casualties on their side .
Must be willing to stick head in toilet .
I was less impressed with its analysis .
The team was selected without a tryout .
Albinism has even broken up marriages .
But the sense of loss was incalculable .
That led to sexual harassment charges .
His potential is quite extraordinary .
Nor were there any television cameras .
Which makes me above the poverty level .
It is going to be a humdinger of a summer .
Kosovo insists on total independence .
This fight must be a national priority .
Immigration restrictionists know it .
These estimates are subject to change .
I love the competitive side to the game .
Many were decayed beyond recognition .
This will reduce tax income as a result .
We regret having to take these actions .
That only helps propagate the disease .
Other defendants could not be reached .
Nobu could not be contacted yesterday .
A cow meandered nearby munching grass .
It would be a surprise if he did not do so .
The defendants had pleaded not guilty .
Conductors are on their feet for hours .
My plane was supposed to leave that day .
But signs of trouble has since emerged .
He was comfortable talking about race .
Economists are dubious of both claims .
So did the agency that runs the program .
Few ministry officials use computers .
It does make you feel quite invincible .
The change was immediate and striking .
No more sniffles and silent suffering .
The kids stopped moaning immediately .
The best way to prepare for it is to save .
A fall here can hurt for a very long time .
It is after that that the problem comes .
Now these dreams are evaporating fast .
I am anxiously awaiting your response .
Reports of the incident varied widely .
But at this point people have opinions .
Talk about conventional programming .
I can bash back as hard as anyone on here .
Teaching autistic kids to read facial .
The camera retail market is saturated .
His passport was also seized by police .
Several people were reported injured .
I was bored with the dance segment also .
I think every female has insecurities .
This is not conspiracy theory anymore .
The jury is still out over when to plant .
He suggests you eat his nog with a spoon .
We questioned him every step of the way .
Excessivness of television coverage .
The other option is to be shown the door .
That may not seem to be much of a cushion .
Their careers were in ruins last night .
The sniping continued on election day .
Their family silver is kept in dollars .
There were a couple of minor incidents .
Punjab have lost both of their matches .
This seems like an attempt to reassure .
Twitter shows that stupid stuff sells .
But for many this was part of his appeal .
It was just about enough to see him home .
Economists had expected a slight fall .
He denied involvement in such a scheme .
To linger would be to invite suspicion .
The banknote was clearly counterfeit .
Police have not arrested any suspects .
A full judgement is yet to be delivered .
The men talk and listen to a small radio .
But he did not rule out a change in plans .
All the names of patients are redacted .
Only racists see racism in everything .
The burden of proof has shifted to them .
The videos show a hugh booing response .
Refined white sugar is at record highs .
Company is successful in the auctions .
So a sort of resigned acceptance set in .
There were a lot of young lads out there .
But if you do not try you will never know .
This has now become an article of faith .
Four of their guards have been wounded .
But the totality of her food prevailed .
Read the news and stop making things up .
A dock tug and hooter were used instead .
Talk about the things you wonder about .
All new schools must also be open to all .
There is no clear word on the death toll .
The little lass held a popular opinion .
There will be no mention of the scandal .
So let us talk not politics but cricket .
He was cruising until the fifth inning .
In fact its absence can lose them votes .
Perez said he was not aware of the probe .
Six others deny assisting an offender .
Every dilemma comes with a fresh twist .
I have a problem with this arrangement .
The expansion of broadband is slowing .
Their offense has become more diverse .
Here are answers to some key questions .
Scapegoating has always been the norm .
They do a great job with their matchups .
The state eventually adopted his idea .
But there will be more fireworks ahead .
The first line of the story should read .
Nor did he spare himself physical pain .
The biggest changes are to the heroine .
Obama is a hypocrite of the first order .
Soon they were a neighborhood fixture .
I wondered where my left trainer got to .
And this amounts to a currency of power .
The attorney declined to give a reason .
Their scale was admirably manageable .
You know it looks horrible from behind .
Continuing escalation is inevitable .
A public inquiry will be held next year .
Our openside flanker was a psychopath .
Russia currently has only one carrier .
Sports also had its share of surprises .
It has not been the happiest of periods .
That looks unlikely in the near future .
I completely agree with the authoress .
But herein lies precisely the problem .
I feel that only those two know the trut .
The result is an increase in inventory .
He is reprising the role for the sequel .
But all other things are far from equal .
Call it the shout heard round the world .
That makes the crop even more valuable .
Gentiva and other company brand names .
He learned forward and raised his arms .
Even one that will be revised in a month .
The test will be in the tone of the thing .
One nanometer is a billionth of a meter .
Neither has looked good in the process .
Toyota declined to confirm the report .
There are ways to make them take notice .
Tax breaks improve the hiring process .
That process was finalized last month .
Things are unrecognisably better now .
Remove from the heat and add the cheese .
We had guards posted outside our house .
Piles of antique leather camera cases .
They have to commit now as never before .
Wind is becoming increasing valuable .
You can see the complete rankings here .
But relationships remain a challenge .
Your browser does not support iframes .
She picked the wrong nation to buy wine.
I thought they were absolutely insane .
Cash and electrical items were stolen .
The police were trying to calm him down .
Now even public plan does not look good .
Which gave him the will to become brave .
There will also be some classroom work .
Hillary comes across as disingenuous .
The stock market tells a similar story .
So take it easy at the gym the day before .
Some companies may ban such a practice .
That should make warning sirens go off .
This is a democracy not a dictatorship .
It is unclear how the damage was caused .
It is tricky times for central bankers .
The celebrity handbag is on its way out .
She leaped up and rushed down the steps .
Too bad we have to go through this again .
His lawyers then requested the pardon .
No other campaign has done this before .
Gomez fled with his family in the night .
To me it seems like a breath of fresh air .
He said the experience has changed him .
Its minor injuries unit is also closed .
Here are a few gift ideas from the heart .
Swift promotions like his were common .
What we need here is some cyberclarity .
None had been willing to travel by road .
Powell was there for all the surgeries .
Eight percent were hedging their bets .
Does any one in the world have what used .
See the most important cars of all time .
The lyrics and melodies began flowing .
We will not be making a profit from this .
Caravanning is gaining in popularity .
It did not say what action he would take .
The species may now already be extinct .
I have literally watched every season .
But a bigger part of me grieves for them .
The financial institutes hoard money .
He said some items sold out completely .
Even in the scrum they are very good now .
Chavez appears to be taking no chances .
But there was only one star attraction .
But think back about when you were in it .
It looks as if the heat is affecting him .
Both teams have eight games remaining .
The story is a gift for the cartoonists .
The deal is subject to court approvals .
He finished the ceiling in knotty pine .
The only issue is making money out of it .
But other forces have also been at work .
Hotez notes one treatment is possible .
Europe presents the opposite problem .
Of course they did the count right away .
The case was not treated as a hate crime .
There is still a lot of basketball left .
I started drinking at the weekends too .
Mellencamp is no stranger to politics .
I would much prefer life in a small town .
I miss that earlier meaning of the word .
They sang along on some of the choruses .
But platforms isolate as they elevate .
Over the suit he wore a plain black robe .
Bramdean was not available last night .
It is great to see the leadership and in .
But someone forgot to tell the animals .
But this remains unfinished business .
He refused to provide further details .
They were just little puddles of slime .
She had no other details about his fall .
Now their options appear to be limited .
We hope to put on a good show for our fans .
Its economic potential is not in doubt .
Coverage near the beach is much higher .
Obama has never had any ideas of his own .
So adopt island time and enjoy the ride .
The beast expired on the following day .
The effort they put in is unbelievable .
Bid for a unique piece of haute couture .
It has unfolded mostly under the radar .
Talk about having a target on your back .
The same applied to lawyers and police .
It was not clear what charges she faced .
This is your brain battling a bad habit .
They had discussed this several times .
This resemblance is not coincidental .
This is told to you at the end of the show .
You have a great family and everything .
You can taste the toxins on your tongue .
These problems can be solved by dialog .
Treasury officials had little choice .
I have not really heard much about that .
The value of the dollar took a nose dive .
Ann once again displays her expertise .
Let me give an example of how this works .
Economic data will be coming in as well .
He offered to show her how to play craps .
Dissent is largely confined to cities .
His injuries are not said to be serious .
Start with yourself and your passions .
Joe the plumber had him all figured out .
The other hostages have been released .
He is taking every opportunity to do so .
She was a mother of two from the village .
There appears to be no respite in store .
Now the police can just take your stuff .
A really moist and fragrant spice cake .
It is used to treat high blood pressure .
The closet doors spring open unbidden .
Private health insurance is wasteful .
He is survived by his wife and four sons .
All of the students work as volunteers .
It was not the time for balanced debate .
Murphy was like a father figure to them .
Obama denounced the remarks last week .
It is a difficult dish to cook just once .
She was our only child and we feel empty .
The company has yet to make a statement .
He was picked off twice late in the game .
Moresco might also direct the project .
It also said the talks could fall apart .
United look quite mean and purposeful .
Not the vegetables but the resolution .
The others are of a warship and harbour .
The man has less charisma than a potato .
That proportion looks certain to rise .
Later said he regretted those remarks .
One fire crew has remained at the scene .
I watched him ride off for the next shot .
Other casting will be announced later .
Studenka declined to discuss the case .
But he has certainly seized the moment .
There is also the problem of liquidity .
Wales has been particularly badly hit .
Some were clearly even a little scared .
They too bow and leave their offerings .
As many have mentioned before my entry .
Thank you for the trip down memory lane .
But we were citizen soldiers back then .
His mother wanted him to be a violinist .
Be prepared to break out the hula hoops .
The lorry driver was treated for shock .
The lynch mob wants some more lynching .
Jaruzelski prevented a real civil war .
Please keep strumming that guitar sir .
I ache down in my soul for the our future .
Perhaps she became a whiz at computers .
Flexible working is another grey area .
Turnout was heavy despite bad weather .
Because he lacked the right detonator .
Lightning moves these charges around .
He has not been heard from or seen since .
They just want to talk and say thank you .
He said that bags provided protection .
They are the elite in more ways than one .
Religion in its most irrational guise .
They lose money on them most of the time .
He just started learning martial arts .
Bush has said that he did nothing wrong .
Fortunately we have certified copies .
A few months later the case was dropped .
It is right and proper that they do this .
Get a lawn mower and start mowing lawns .
There are further layers of injustice .
Cashman got what he wanted this winter .
The garden was enormous and beautiful .
Of course there have been dark moments .
Both face a life sentence if convicted .
Stir constantly to prevent scorching .
She died in hospital the following day .
Government healthcare is an oxymoron .
The officer has since returned to work .
Feeling out of place you go your own way .
They will live in tents in the meantime .
Sect members have denied sexual abuse .
Self regulation always comes up short .
There is pomp and dance after the meals .
No students were among the fatalities .
Her condition was described as stable .
This works well with images and movies .
He leaves office at the end of this year .
They had their rituals and sacrifices .
She has been sanctioned by the college .
They were too scared to apply in person .
Investors want to know what comes next .
But time passes differently on a train .
The panel said more research is needed .
Summer is when the rubber hits the road .
It has not granted a license since then .
It will be interesting to see if they do .
Nothing else looked or acted like them .
The military had no immediate comment .
Except there is no need to imagine that .
At least we would see an honest contest .
I just want to see if you know something .
People are very bewildered about this .
The world may not have noticed much yet .
Just a little technical difficulties .
That tax will raise your utility bills .
Back to where we were before it started .
No one left in the draw has won the title .
They were not for socially useful work .
The bill needs to be revised and passed .
But the army hopes to avoid such action .
They were rescued by their companions .
The truth makes too many people afraid .
I hope they get the shorts sued off them .
Security codes have also been changed .
Here are three ways countries can help .
It makes for a compelling stump speech .
You are not responsible for any of this .
I liked that they called her beguiling .
I do think people want to move on from it .
Cadbury has yet to respond to the offer .
Small things are the things that count .
But miracle cure for everyone it is not .
That has long seemed the tougher fight .
But the project is far behind schedule .
She will also report four days per week.
The interest comes from many quarters .
Send us your story using the form below .
The kidnappers have since been caught .
England never disappoints in the fall .
Yusuf later accepted the resignation .
A committee vote is expected next week .
A plainclothes policeman filmed them .
Probably write a better book than this .
This might take about three more weeks .
It is like pouring money into the ocean .
But the issue is never far from her mind .
Talk to your kid about what worries you .
The sense of relief is understandable .
Israel continues to build its barrier .
The day was brilliant with packed snow .
Three relievers finished out the game .
In this case the answer is not very well .
Spring applications are usually best .
Journalists goaded her into reaction .
The rules become effective next month .
We are slowly and surely getting there .
Organisers have now amended the error .
Black sequin dress with fringes of boa .
It is believed that he broke the curfew .
Weak sterling is one of the key factors .
One man is continuing to assist police .
Resignation can be likened to suicide .
It leaves a stream of debris in its wake .
The dollar pared gains against the yen .
He allowed seven hits and walked three .
But it would be a confederacy of dunces .
The suspects drove away in a silver car .
Domestic investment has not kept pace .
Google sees a window of opportunity to .
He gave up three singles and walked two .
May these brave officers rest in peace .
The report gave no cause for the outage .
I do not feel pain and good for my health .
Two girl groups will also battle it out .
His wife blames his excessive drug use .
He was working as security contractor .
He faces a death sentence if convicted .
Happy kids are raised by happy parents .
Leo sits in his favorite spot in the sun .
Partisan gatherings can also be rowdy .
Prices were based on tidal conditions .
It overlooks the circular foyer below .
Most of the time he simply toyed with it .
Police say he suffered a gunshot wound .
New wind turbines may not be necessary.
You need to have a job to live in the city .
The other three were born in captivity .
What to make of the surprising new data .
I had a couple friends that had moved up .
The board should resign collectively .
He had left his belongings at the hotel .
But their styles never truly meld here .
I saw my conductor fallen on the ground .
Palmer threw his head back and laughed .
The suspect computer remains offline .
Swann taps two runs out top the leg side .
He did not say when the three women died .
They are not worthy of this crown jewel .
Here are six crucial areas to consider .
The attackers were described as black .
It has sold out for the past eight years .
Trescothick suffers from depression .
That honestly scared the hell out of me .
Mutoh was able to exit his car on his own .
The driver was abducted and freed soon .
Nothing is served by reaffirming them .
The substance faces a lot more testing .
We have let ourselves and our club down .
You must be logged on to leave a comment .
Costs are rising far faster than wages .
It is an interesting ethical question .
Officials said there were no injuries .
The company offers two payment models .
Truer words may never have been spoken .
Your efforts tend to be controversial .
Donald is known to want a coaching role .
Disabled students are sent elsewhere .
That was the day after she was murdered .
Sift together all the dry ingredients .
Snow can become a political issue here .
The doctor began to follow her closely .
Financial terms will not be disclosed.
A test drive of a new trip alert service .
At least they are willingo to pay for it .
The fighting lasted for most of the day .
Two of the women were whipped six times .
And it was a word curse when he said to me .
You can find a husband or divorce a wife .
This is how our financial system works .
And we certainly did have our problems .
She blended well with those around her .
Not a lot of time for saving world peace .
We got a way to give them all leaky boats .
Hall took photos of the poster and book .
They have even hijacked luxury yachts .
Needs to be driven hard to give its best .
Last year the books only just balanced .
But that did not deter its journalists .
The plane was moved to an isolated area .
The officer is recovering in hospital .
Opponents are going down hard and fast .
I guess this is the land of opportunity .
Workers are fixing electricity lines .
Alcohol has also been falling in price .
These are defence and fear behaviours .
Like he has done numerous times before .
The court would not be obligated to act .
Student found shot dead in bathroom at .
The hierarchy was starting to unravel .
A reasonably talented minor novelist .
Court orders sometimes overrule that .
Farmers are buckling under the strain .
They have been craving them all season .
The tower was both too erect and too old .
The other was found in an upstairs room .
It should have been a national scandal .
That belief will soon be put to the test .
The two nations lack formal relations .
No wonder they have become ubiquitous .
There is a shared message from all this .
They want us to think nothing happened .
She was with a man wearing a white shirt .
It keeps whatever credit scores he has .
Penjor had another treat up his sleeve .
The product lead times are about a year .
That fact is not exactly breaking news .
Secure the tree to the wall if possible .
She expected the worst and she found it .
She has said she wants to clear her name .
Gibson said afterward it was a good gag .
The performance is only six weeks away .
He should also have chastised himself .
The housing market remains depressed .
Two others in the vehicle were injured .
But everything changes on a wintry day .
Gormley is no stranger to controversy .
He has an absolutely wonderful studio .
I was really hoping for a line redesign .
The debate has been running a long time .
One man was confirmed dead at the scene .
What happened is still controversial .
Her players clearly heard her warning .
I need to declare with a loud voice that .
In my mind it is just a swing to the right .
It froze hiring to hold headcount down .
He hitched up his pants when he was done .
This page contains basic information .
Thank you for sharing your experience .
This is a choice our country has to make .
They said no arrests were anticipated .
Here are a few you can fit into a weekend .
Germany is also driving a hard bargain .
Things change when prices are falling .
What the offenses share is continuity .
Schwarzenegger was nowhere to be seen .
We have almost no mental health system .
What a great way to spend my tax dollars .
You never heard anything bad about him .
It is only the music that stays the hand .
You climb and squeeze your way through .
To the far north are people of the woods .
We knew he would be a good signing for us .
All three executives came from within .
So my family put me into an institution .
Take away their toys and stop their fun .
A fourth man had been arrested earlier .
The band were in implausibly good form .
Some observers challenge the figures .
But racial hatred provided the target .
But talks have repeatedly broken down .
There are little tubs of chopped fruit .
Both teams played without a big bopper .
The remains have never been recovered .
A subsequent message was not returned .
Obama continues to divide the country .
The report did not say how many had died .
A huge cultural change has taken place .
Police have not identified the couple .
I believe a lesson is to be learned here .
The new kidney was barely functioning .
All this has gone down well with voters .
At some stage the census has to be taken .
Take a few cooking classes on weekends .
Also see video clip of the final second .
But this finding has never been proved .
He stressed neither had been arrested .
The year began on the grimmest of notes .
A bad general always blames his troops .
Livingstone is a formidable opponent .
I served well and hit well from the back .
And started laying off some employees .
Most of the candidates do not wear them .
Fight terror with terror is the answer .
His pitch for votes was at times subtle .
They are like the signposts of the play .
Several minor injuries were reported .
Almost all the provisions are popular .
This is much more important than money .
The hard part is taking it to the market .
There is no love lost between this pair .
He spent two days in a coma in a hospital .
That crash lasted more than four years .
You loose hand moisture in the process .
Nurses feel they cannot go on with this .
That should give the rest of us a chance .
Honey also has antimicrobial effects .
His attorney confirmed the statement .
Some kept their heads and eyes lowered .
That should have been the opening goal .
It also prompts animals to build nests .
It has nothing to do with gender or race .
An appeal on a third charge was allowed .
Fried beaver is among the food options .
He communicated by writing and typing .
Skyler rose quickly through the ranks .
Another one pulls a cap down on his head .
Quite how long this can go on is at issue .
Such a policy would be extremely risky .
Raise your hand in front of the pendant .
That is why they are worth investing in .
Recovery will take three or four years .
They may as well swear in on a comic book .
Betting on oil is a very risky business .
Platelets play a main role in clotting .
Feel free to share your thoughts of him .
Parents should take this into account .
They have promoted only what they want .
How you use that connection is up to you .
The four vice presidents also laughed .
He said the problem would be corrected .
They live a thousand years back in time .
I was in the peak of my sexual curiosity .
Inmates will be shifted to local jails .
That is because there are so few of them .
They lose the compass they may have had .
Franti has jammed with the best of them .
I do not believe in violent expression .
The issue has outraged many residents .
He had made previous suicide attempts .
She raises her voice in a question mark .
Obama haters you are missing the point .
A computer was stolen from a residence .
The sanctions include a ban on imports .
The minority party is now the majority .
Jackson sat out most of the second half .
Caz does give a good summary of the case .
It also predictably achieved nothing .
It is what has gotten her to where she is .
Shop assistants served smiling faces .
White jets of steam fizz from the pipes .
Or how badly her feelings were crushed .
Sarah is pessimistic about the future .
Walz fell from the basket to the ground .
The president denied the allegations .
Jovtchev left the arena moments later .
Stir in the lime zest and serrano chili .
Not every change constitutes a crisis .
There are also fewer short guys around .
This is the start of the slippery slope .
Charlotte and him need to get together .
He was an artist with public ambitions .
But analysts predicted a smaller loss .
Click here to see the scale of payments .
International concern has been muted .
And fewer customers are seeking loans .
The new spending comes not before time .
I guess people take my phone calls more .
There was light rain in the second half .
This is going to be a historic election .
The interviews were conducted online .
Their life stories are very different .
He is an unlikely tribune of the people .
He retained his place in the standings .
The celebrations were short and muted .
Other then that this poll says nothing .
But humans remain stalled in low orbit .
Current events show how absurd that is .
He claimed that the sex was consensual .
He then hopped into his van and took off .
He introduces himself as a palm reader .
Massive financial industries reform .
There was no reported tsunami warning .
This place has never been easy to get to .
There was no flashlight and no candles .
It was impossible to verify the claims .
There are power blackouts on most days .
They killed her parents in front of her .
You can hear the rotor blades thumping .
He seemed about as bouncy as a flat tyre .
I am happy and willing to pay that price .
I think that he should just be punished .
Confirm this with your own accountant .
Even dealers have been kept in the dark .
Funeral arrangements will be private .
Mosquitoes swarmed in the woods above .
The man immediately burst into flames .
Spontaneity and a good sense of humour .
There is still a question mark here now .
I suffered only scratches and bruises .
Or at least to have his license revoked .
I too vote for a fresh insurance thread .
To feel alone in this can be depressing .
A few family members spoke at the vigil .
And so we will be the party of the family .
Put to one side while you make the sauce .
There were a lot of rumors going around .
Watson goes for the financial jugular .
What rock band once required a certain .
Both ranked near the bottom of the pack .
And with added palindromic fun to boot .
Antilock brakes have been introduced .
We all have our own personal irritants .
Then she tested them with a memory game .
But the supervisors overrode his veto .
And turn your alarm clock away from you .
Global warming and energy dependence .
I stayed awake all night staring at her .
My love for the game has not diminished .
This game was supposed to be different .
There was nothing but cheers this time .
The men who stopped him were the police .
That will save money over the long term .
There are precious few hotels en route .
These new tobacco taxes are just awful .
Yet they talk tough on border security .
Cork was the standard closure for ages .
Everyone knew him but for good reasons .
Most of my friends are aware the issues .
Set aside time together and protect it .
Maliki indignantly denied the charge .
That is by no means the case nationally .
Zambrano pitched out of early trouble .
All she knows it that her mother is gone .
They all need food and shelter and love .
Pour as many whites and reds as you like .
We will have to raise a consumption tax .
Their teenage son was also threatened .
A selection of views will be published .
For they had taken on the system and won .
He was taken to hospital for treatment .
So practice makes your back imperfect .
The endorsement is weeks in the making .
Californians appear ready for change .
Of sourse they have to use common sense .
Some seem tranquil when we arrest them .
But he sold it outside the gates anyway .
But the problem is the textbook itself .
But challenging a boss can be daunting .
But we found it tough to be firm with him .
You can guess who leads the resistance .
I will report back to you in short order .
It is also aimed at a national audience .
Eisenhower reluctantly capitulated .
Life on the streets is harsh and brutal .
Childhood obesity may be leveling off .
This article is both sad and hilarious .
Except when one of my alters takes over .
Too many stockholders pockets to line .
But having a forever family is the best .
Then they all became former oligarchs .
Paying for signatures will not go away .
Its emergency crew died in the attacks .
Mum has shown us over the last few years .
And by it his candidacy will live or die .
Radio too demands its regular reports .
The music had a chance to define itself .
The absence of trading is a big problem .
But that breathing space will be short .
Most independent schools do a good job .
A pleasant but persistent drowsiness .
She had metastatic pancreatic cancer .
Now that would be a debate worth having .
We have laws against that sort of thing .
She will keep the car for several years .
Gerrard had the grace to look sheepish .
Bush is likely to keep winning that one .
Lets see what happens in a year from now .
We believe we are at one of those points .
This would unequivocally mean a split .
The second big customer group is at sea .
Country comes before party everytime .
It seems some things just do not change .
Boring banking could make money again .
They do much better with less per pupil .
Luongo has three shutouts this season .
Please forward this story to him or her .
There should be no muscle contraction .
This may not be as nice or as convenient .
She needs help getting up out of a chair .
Buying one would be asking for trouble .
But poetry is never in the news for long .
They can also ask to chat to them online .
People just have to let her be who she is .
The wall has not been good for business .
It came earlier than many had expected .
But hard numbers are difficult to find .
Amer said no one in her family has twins .
I will decide what is best for my future .
His tomb is said to have special powers .
Gunfire is a neighborhood soundtrack .
You feel like you know yourself better .
None of the nine convicted can be named .
It goes beyond the traditional garden .
A pedestrian was also lightly injured .
And make sure your heart rate is kept up .
I was appreciated for my contribution .
The witness counted six mortar rounds .
They were incredibly steady and sharp .
I love them and always have them around .
Thanks for a clear and concise article .
The army has ordered an investigation .
He seems almost divorced from reality .
Our money complexes are deeply rooted .
We are still the owners of his contract .
He had lost more battles than he had won .
The study took place over three months .
I would also save a drive swap for later .
An arbitrator upheld the termination .
I am really glad for you and your family .
He begins to describe this excitement .
He was later cleared by video evidence .
You know you should be exercising more .
Hats are a tradition in black churches .
She looked so cute in her shooting togs .
A few of the lads were genuinely scared .
Your role is to be a safe listening post .
Regional capacity is also coming down .
Scott interviewed him after the trial .
Can be made in advance and freezes well .
General concept of program has merits .
It was very hard to determine the speed .
Both ships were badly damaged and sank .
People support it for various reasons .
You need to set some clear rules at home .
All the more reason to lighten the load .
It never gets maudlin or melodramatic .
Babies and the elderly are most at risk .
He won support from unlikely quarters .
The medical staff have been fantastic .
A second boat then pulled her to safety .
Owens knew a surprise was awaiting him .
Just think of the winter of discontent .
But he has huge promises to keep as well .
Her friends wear knee socks and skirts .
Nevermind these phuckkkkin dildddos .
Their presence confirmed the reality .
The job is the only thing that saves you .
The kitchen was gutted and redesigned .
No government managed this in the past .
The child will be their first together .
Perfect looks perfect from a distance .
They also get free gas and electricity .
Two vehicles were stalled in the water .
We have financial services companies .
But how you deal with it is what matters .
Others have an even greater rural bias .
He has a dozen murder cases against him .
The referendum had been ruled illegal .
Every batsman contributed something .
There was some good news for consumers .
Clearly others felt as we do about this .
But advocates are cheerful these days .
Not a single bottle had made it through .
Great touch for a man with such big hair .
This is a shortlist to lift the spirits .
This program is a thrown together mess .
These are called transferable skills .
Neither team had a hit until the fourth .
And she probably will after the fourth .
And this too will be swept under the rug .
His challenge now is to keep it that way .
Gradually add to the cornmeal mixture .
Theirs is not a peaceful relationship .
Also leaves the hair well conditioned .
Coroners want their service reformed .
But sometimes he does not help himself .
She has not endorsed either candidate .
So referees are forced to use judgment .
Later he issued a telling bit of praise .
Then he jogged home with his arm raised .
The couple was in divorce proceedings .
We are moving into a different time now .
World demand for oil is still very weak .
Miller recalled it as a seminal moment .
Fifteen of these have been discharged .
The shooting occurred inside the camp .
Simmons is not promising any miracles .
It is not just his body that has matured .
The event was packed with journalists .
I always assumed it would never happen .
They are herded like cattle on command .
All a good general needs is those stars .
Nationwide city and overall rankings .
Catholics know how to pick presidents .
The first is that of sovereign default .
There is at least one area of agreement .
My memories of him will last a lifetime .
It turned out to be far from ridiculous .
He has not made that kind of commitment .
We search on internet and not find this .
But then five years passed and nothing .
Dedication to lower taxes comes first .
There is still more waste we need to cut .
The simple truth is the most brilliant .
He is an old dog using the same old trick .
Samudra remains extremely dangerous .
They can buy bad assets now on their own .
Delgado could get five years in prison .
Many mistake it for a work of taxidermy .
It was the best travel experience ever .
Slovakia is picking a president today .
No follow through from the government .
It was so restrictive as to be slimming .
This is the golden age of the audio book .
Enough is enough for the robber barons .
And this happens over and over and over .
Nevada is a vortex for the unexplained .
But that fact is lost on these dim bulbs .
It seems very distant from my own world .
Children voices were not always heard .
None of his arguments were convincing .
The temporary freeze order was lifted .
The sun hits a slab of ice in a unique way .
Butyric acid is found in rotten butter .
This is no time to be an innocent abroad .
The new reading was the worst on record .
The officers started conventionally .
Those costs will be with us for decades .
They say recent elections were rigged .
It is highly visible and hugely iconic .
She did not know if the person survived .
And most of them are drawn with penises .
Polanski was arrested four days later .
There are two faulty assumptions here .
His fate after the strike was not known .
He was never afraid of making an effort .
Rhymes is part of a troubling new trend .
The damages will be donated to charity .
But something we revered was insulted .
Nadal then served out the match at love .
Patients have plenty of options today .
I apologize for being a little bit late .
Maybe we need to talk about that as well .
Our accommodation seems rather basic .
I asked around but no one had any towels .
Assays on remaining holes are pending .
It is a hideous mess and always has been .
Our troops are the bravest and the best .
For a while they had been close friends .
Tyler i miss you and your crazy ways man .
This one absolutely annoys me to no end .
Neither party wants to talk about this .
Faddis spotted a target and fired back .
It depends what the definition of is is .
The rules do not just apply to property .
The logic in this article is incorrect .
A decision is expected early next week .
She contacted police after his arrest .
Grose said his company offers a choice .
Now she is wary of every little splurge .
And yet imagine if they were corporate .
Russia usually makes a big deal of this .
People could work their way to freedom .
The situation is not likely to improve .
They are the ones in the flimsy jackets .
No bombs were found at either building .
I feel crazy going back to the old world .
You are a sorry excuse for a human being .
Hope that new gravy boat eases the pain .
It was the very opposite of free speech .
That to me is a big ethnic intimidation .
Congress would also oppose such a move .
Edwards had hoped to get back this week .
They employ almost one million people .
That rotgut is strictly for customers .
An array of new attackers signed early .
An increasingly hazy world is waiting .
That wealth is what got it into trouble .
I laugh at the complaint box every week .
But fees vary from one group to the next .
He dominated the first part of the year .
Yet every important safeguard failed .
But we need more than that to go forward .
But it would certainly pack some punch .
But it has wasted the financial crisis .
The effects of the illness vary widely .
Believe in a bright future and go for it .
I have a somewhat common face in a crowd .
Return to low heat just until reheated .
Here was something to write home about .
Her master tailor is the family tailor .
Wise up girl and get the law on your side .
The current buyer remained anonymous .
Even a couple of close races made sense .
The pair ran off with a quantity of cash .
Musharraf decided to take that chance .
Parents know chat rooms are dangerous .
But the diamond ring was not recovered .
Their shoulders were almost touching .
The starting quarterback is banged up .
The ground is vibrating with whispers .
The lineup will be revealed next month .
Both knew exactly what they were doing .
The suit was the main focus for the show .
Morales ran into trouble in the second .
One gigantic soundstage lacked a roof .
This has the potential to get annoying .
It would require passage by lawmakers .
But there is another side to the debate .
Thrilled to discover your column here .
It takes time to develop those threads .
It is a controversial project however .
Miami had no fouls in the first quarter .
Letmeby came from last to finish third .
Talk to your lender about your options .
What a terrible way to get a bill passed .
Infidelity is one lucrative business .
Sanford should reconsider and resign .
My headaches seem to be stress related .
Sounds wrong but it seems most logical .
I can do this when the library is closed .
Her father is dying from cancer now too .
The concessions she has made are great .
More will follow in the next six months .
It is actually a usually unstated rule .
Her toughness impressed the veterans .
Yet his tone struck some as dismissive .
He has a fantastic future on the screen .
Such upsets are not without precedent .
And there are two main reasons for this .
The music charts are not a meritocracy .
This game has been full of misses so far .
We are taught in school to be employees .
Readers are invited to share their own .
Massa could not be reached for comment .
I hope they are not forced to flee again .
She imagined her father getting stuck .
With that he stepped into the darkness .
Bring large pot of salted water to boil .
They left after my father spoke to them .
Elections are held once or twice a week .
He will probably inspect the property .
The doctor and her assistant help me in .
I have enough of my own wealth to manage .
He makes his way out to the waiting vans .
He was on his way to visit her after work .
Toeman is a member of his congregation .
Brinkley must be spinning in his grave .
Ramirez is confident that will change .
No bonuses until it is paid back in full .
It leaves you asking a lot of questions .
But he said a turnaround could be ahead .
Other galleries have snubbed his work .
Recent developments would suggest so .
This gathering was difficult for them .
A second coin has already been flipped .
He has criticized the high cost of milk .
But the opera has had a fraught history .
Nobody was ever injured in the attacks .
So are her friends and extended family .
More selective about growth projects .
This keeps your blood pressure higher .
Forget mists and mellow fruitfulness .
To look at him in any other way is racist .
That made it easier to comparison shop .
She was acquitted for lack of evidence .
Nor does analysis stop after the draft .
He spent four years making that happen .
This is where the system starts to fail .
That is far too much to be taken on trust .
Its seemingly endless rise continues .
But that coalition did not form easily .
And there will be more crises in future .
Instruction came from his stepfather .
They might look at him differently now .
The taunts at school have also stopped .
But they have several different lines .
But the war on smoking is spreading too .
The council then killed that proposal .
Three deaths were blamed on the storms .
One of his lawyers declined to comment .
We see many random acts of violence now .
Police detained at least three youths .
The second was in government spending .
No one was convicted in any of the cases .
The crisis has had several phases to it .
But some lawmakers say they are aghast .
Our mental instrument is very limited .
Pray for us and keep us in your thoughts .
The light is delivered in short pulses .
The response closed with an obscenity .
People clamored for the physical book .
Online micropayments are nothing new .
She began to tell friends the good news .
Buy on the first lung full of radiation.
But the affair has not progressed well .
They turned up just five studies in all .
But there are some tricks to be aware of .
He returned to work later the same year .
Such is the reach of modern secularism .
I find myself hanging on his every word .
He is prominently featured in the film .
Other inventions had the same problem .
He declined to offer any other details .
It has not reached any tourist resorts .
We wrote about this a couple of week ago .
There is no such thing as bad publicity .
Now my dream is going to become reality .
Jason has given a peach of a ride as well .
It is just the speed that is in question .
This area used to be full of terrorists .
That is the lowest level ever recorded .
I have been a little over the top lately .
So there would be that tension going on .
Maybe it will die out for a decade or two .
The bullet did not hit bone or arteries .
He faced four batters over the minimum .
But this is just a vague notion as of yet .
Government is no longer a term of abuse .
Your browser does not support iframes.
They need to voice their opinions more .
Police believe she was dead at the time .
Pride and bitterness filled his voice .
There are several ways to prevent that .
The patient had none of these symptoms .
That glorious porch was irresistible .
So there is a question of transparency .
This process is known as appassimento .
It also bought the land around his mine .
He is not expecting any major problems .
Regulation would have prevented that .
Very little goes without comment here .
Talk of the title still seems fanciful .
Keep a piece of chalk in the door pocket .
Her neighbours thought he had left her .
I have a mail slot in the door to my house .
But my children can only say a few words .
She had mixed feelings about the posts .
Scumbag rooks and more scumbag crooks .
A similar thing happened to my husband .
They are vindictive and mean spirited .
Lee had been their bridge to that world .
Lowe remains on the board of directors .
Let me ask you this question spots fans .
The commission claims some successes .
He also said he had not seen the lawsuit .
This is apparent by looking at history .
They were freed on bail pending appeal .
That episode revealed something else .
No remote prospect of anyone stopping .
Her condition is described as serious .
They also want us to pay for everything .
Solid shields seem even more hopeless .
Japan managed that in just five months .
Pentagon officials also are troubled .
One possibility is a joint government .
The novel is framed as a crime thriller .
I hope this meeting puts this behind us .
The attacks seemed to come in two waves .
The ground is swollen with months of it .
There are all sorts of needs on defense .
The air is clear and the climate chilly .
It is easy to get caught up in the moment .
All he has to think about is the pitcher .
I had chronic migraines for many years .
You can order action figures of her now .
It was yummy when it became so much more .
Broad remains an unlikely concoction .
This is your bed we are all lying in here .
The law of the land is the law of the land .
Here is a sport with a tangible history .
But how it was portrayed was regretful .
All great players want to play for them .
I think that he will probably open it up .
The race at the front was processional .
Job losses were widespread last month .
None of it has had the slightest effect .
The house was recently sold at auction .
It is not known what the documents were .
So far it has been a big disappointment .
They are proof of how sacred freedom is .
The financial plan fulfills two goals .
It confirmed this estimate yesterday .
That could mean interest rates rising .
This year is magnificently different .
He also urged a longer school calendar .
Springer was unavailable for comment.
I still would prefer a good nice doctor .
They had also revealed a family secret .
Open later are the beach bars and clubs .
Good picture for a savvy wallstreeter .
They are making irrational decisions .
He often wore a gold hoop in his left ear .
A political mistake of huge magnitude .
They should be in there building stuff .
A good customer base will satisfy both .
He is a lawyer and he had just graduated .
Lynch said he was doing his best to cope .
Do not rely completely on such reports .
Peterson left after talking to police .
He has seen the death throes first hand .
The beards came free with a picket sign .
First was the controversy over access .
The picture is similar around the area .
The pills are in four boxes of two types .
Let me address both of those questions .
A national tribute is already planned .
Sheer embarrassment may be one reason .
He is currently being sought by police .
It can also have serious consequences .
This is a major upgrade for the company .
This is why we need a viable third party .
It is very hard to control for location .
But they could not do it all on their own .
Interesting stuff and great comments .
It is not only consumers who are at risk .
It improves body image and confidence .
Another fundraising begins this week .
A blanket trailing a piece of duct tape .
Thers a simple solution to this matter .
He said he had no details on the charges .
Core the cabbage and cut it into wedges .
But gravity has always been an outlier .
How odd that all this feels like a treat .
I lift the items off the shelf to my cart .
It gave no details on any amounts drawn .
Companies must raise money somewhere .
A third of the audience rushed forward .
But personal rapport may not be enough .
Tom had to have one of his lungs removed .
The pond is almost more fish than water .
You could argue that he saved the party .
The actual amount could be much higher .
Grass fed cattle are a different breed .
It has been after school the void began .
This alkalinity causes the glue to set .
A disturbed upbringing can play a part .
Some of their infants are addicted too .
These guys today are from the dark ages .
It was hard to believe him after a while .
There were no warning signs to speak of .
He might reveal a memo or confirm a date .
Her list is traditionally a modest one .
The government wants safeguards on it .
Efficiency is another important goal .
That includes respect and a fair shake .
Fatigue has been a factor in their play .
Welcome one and all to a brave new world .
A live second opinion is also possible .
The turtle and the human head exploded .
I am in a constant state of despondency .
Francis has been a legal lightning rod .
Nigeria has scored only one goal so far .
Perhaps they are preparing to do so now .
He worked it all out on previous visits .
The department will not say what it was .
More job cuts were announced this week .
Emergency responders also became ill .
This is an unfortunate misconception .
Already so much higher up the mountain .
Cows are only slightly better behaved .
Your guardianship there is essential .
He walks fast around the swimming pool .
It therefore rejected psychotherapy .
Today it is known as a postfailed state .
Population growth is not sustainable .
Prosecutors also declined to comment .
I judged it best not to report the offer .
Once again the tax payer gets the shaft .
The cause of the crash remains unknown .
It starts long before you get on a plane .
It was devastating for them to lose her .
Details about the attack were sketchy .
It was quite an easy decision in the end .
That is a big argument about the future .
The new ones definitely work on biogas .
But the idea ran aground at the meeting .
None of those stars is around this time .
She is addicted to reality television .
Press it hard with your fingers or palm .
Now she might hold the key to his career .
A police investigation is continuing .
They are almost always in the building .
A state fire official said it was arson .
Her work is very brutal and very honest .
We are taking precautionary measures .
The case is just factually inaccurate .
It sounds as if it could be very helpful .
It is obviously one of obama relatives .
Now he is allowing the road to be closed .
Especially if you start with cupcakes .
How dare you tell me what my options are .
That loan is now expected to be revived .
He asked me about my partner and my work .
All for the need to have a status symbol .
Justice for all and privilege for none .
The flags were being flown everywhere .
It worked for the first three quarters .
Road diversions have been put in place .
But this time they knew what was coming .
She thinks of being buried alive again .
The victim has not yet been identified .
Denilson added the third after an hour .
I know lots of poople will disagree but .
Employees could opt out of the program .
Davydenko has denied any involvement .
Schwarzschild will head the new study .
Ads help pay for the content on the site .
Analysts said such caution made sense .
Which is standard for things like this .
We want to use our resources carefully .
But his inexperience showed at the end .
Or maybe all the morons are in congress .
The sting was supposed to feel that way .
Pain is often a necessary part of death .
No oversleeping or staying up too late .
And the answers are anything but clear .
The men often swapped artworks as well .
Expect a period of exciting education .
Fifteen were later formally arrested .
They never once thought about uranium .
The robot will definitely be involved .
Other companies have fared much worse .
Usual penalties are a warning or a fine .
Minor blend changes carry major clout .
Choice is what makes this country free .
Suddenly she is standing up in the boat .
The deal was a fiasco for the employees .
But the idea was not developed further .
Seeks recognition from his superiors .
It depends a bit on how you read the data .
It was found abandoned later in the day .
We changed the whole course of history .
But objectivity is a subjective thing .
Gardeners can help reverse this trend .
She thinks that foreplay is overrated .
Viewers almost had a chance to find out .
They ripped of a lot of folks to get rich .
An indictment is not a finding of guilt .
But he said even that can be beneficial .
Take the pork out and do the right thing .
The mechanism is surprisingly simple .
Oil prices have soared to record highs .
The victims have the right to the truth .
The drink has been in the news recently .
We have earned our land and our borders .
The thought was enough to make him sick .
About a dozen passengers were injured .
At least it seemed sudden to outsiders .
The snakelike boa pours into her hands .
It is not something that can be changed .
He is described as white with dark hair .
It could make further issues this year .
It said two people provided the videos .
Top the casserole with fried shallots .
And perhaps none of this is surprising .
Either way the beer will come into play .
Nobody is forcing you to go back to work .
Some people are raising caution flags .
The alleged assault was caught on film .
In their place were empty black orbits .
But of course the laws are not repealed .
Three hundred dollars for anesthesia .
Recovery efforts have not started yet .
He was wounded in the leg but he escaped .
That was one of my two favorite entrees .
People are suffering across the board .
What we believe determines what we see .
There are also required vaccinations .
But at some point something has to give .
Then he went to his car where he found it .
Police did not comment on the incident .
After half an hour we are still waiting .
It proved a perfect alliance of forces .
Soon it was time to give him the letters .
God did not create the moon to be bombed .
It is the third time he has cooked there .
Financing would have to be determined .
It took a lot of work to get to this point .
The feelings were beyond description .
All must ratify it for it to take effect .
Wire services were used in this report .
The budgetary hurdles are formidable .
Phillips asked the theater superstar .
They exaggerate on all of these counts .
He was said to be distraught by the loss .
Religare is hoping to hire a few of them .
But all of that could be about to change .
Some snapped photographs with gunmen .
Or campaign donations to congressmen .
Not all the vets met with equal success .
But evidently that is not all they felt .
The statistical record is impressive .
There is obviously so much more at play .
Cost of banking industry rescue could .
You can hire all the kit you need on site .
He was also trying to reinvent himself .
That might have been wishful thinking .
Hence a desire to return to management .
He has more to lose than to gain by lying .
A kitchen knife had been left on the bed .
They sneaked in a surveillance camera .
Getting that experience is priceless .
Discrimination was a thing of the past .
There was news on both fronts this week .
They can live with that little failing .
It was still about its bloody business .
It has not delivered what was promised .
Murder charges will not now be pursued .
The geographical frontier had closed .
His policy applies only to his command .
That would help stimulate the economy .
The current restriction is six months .
I look at these ideas and they baffle me .
Interrogation is not an exact science .
But it appears fences have been mended .
Then the detachable dog sack is for you .
Criminal investigations are ongoing .
The good union jobs keep disappearing .
There is rhetoric and there is reality .
Plus the lunches and showers are great .
Turn into a bend and the nose just grips .
Tony had never even known his real name .
But her rhetoric did not go unanswered .
It was unclear if that visit took place .
But several restrictions will remain .
Cheruiyot says he believes in himself .
This guy will drive south and skip town .
They have regressed and it is worrying .
Now they cannot smoke hardly anywhere .
I think we will give them a hell of a game .
It is to avoid the dreaded engaged tone .
She was a true force of warm good nature .
Stop being such crybabies and cowards .
The extended family were also abusers .
But this gentleman just wanted to chat .
Nationwide is expected to follow suit .
His aides may even have gone overboard .
He pleaded guilty to military charges .
It was supposed to be just for my family .
But other opportunities are emerging .
He is thought to have taken his own life .
Others say the bill will keep mounting .
No one would dream of taking it down now .
Wade said his approach would be simple .
Not all the indications are happy ones .
She also paid for everything with cash .
And you thought your job was stressful .
He was the guy that had the fart machine .
Tree branches sway in a virtual breeze .
But he had to work for that recognition .
Being short can be just as hard on girls .
It is their exit that breaks off the bud .
He went off to his next innocent victim .
It depends on what they feel like doing .
Safi maintains the sex was consensual .
Marriage helped some things in my life .
No clashes were immediately reported .
Your first three checked bags are free .
Refusing to fix the error is one matter .
We will just hear that its a money loser .
As a rookie you should work for the team .
I never went to dinner with the players .
It would be lovely to sing for the queen .
That is looking very likely in any case .
The number of suicides had also fallen .
Crabs make walking on sand look so easy .
He knows rather a lot about the subject .
But that momentum could prove fragile .
Book a test drive or request a brochure .
I am neither unnerved nor are we guilty .
It was unclear where the virus started .
A message was left requesting comment .
The two were captured after a few hours .
You must learn to let go in order to gain .
He believes his pitch because he has to .
Lisa has now been on innumerable dates .
The report did not detail their crimes .
I have never had a problem with alcohol.
You took the words right out of my mouth.
Claire rode out of the room in her wagon .
Yet liquidity risk has been neglected .
You have to offer a proper explanation .
Her hands rest suggestively in her lap .
Laliberte also plans a show from space .
He just knows we are soldiers with guns .
Dozen kids abandoned on desert island .
Other days he can be totally different .
He staked revolution to win the nation .
Several suspects were arrested later .
But rarely does a song settle anywhere .
I have to look at this as a positive move .
But there the numbers invite scrutiny .
Most cases have had only mild symptoms .
But books and films are very different .
There was no turning point in this game .
Developing that policy was not our job .
Soon this nation will be so drugged out .
The chart only runs from long to longer .
There is not a common template for this .
It was easier to issue debt than equity .
Chocolate is guaranteed to trigger it .
He usually has evening work functions .
The chains came on after he was tackled .
The impression is of an improvisation .
The commercials used similar slogans .
There are certainly those who think so .
I participated in this summit as a boar .
So he devised the undercover business .
Another was fired later in the morning .
I speak to my sisters at least once a day .
A walk and a hit batter loaded the bases .
His approach is sometimes aggressive .
His attorney also did not return calls .
The decline mirrored a national trend .
The shop also sponsors the village bus .
This does not carry the threat of fines .
Lefty had consummated their marriage .
Sydney since she began drinking again .
He missed the rest of the second period .
I have never been able to find triggers .
Charlotte and him need to get together.
They tend not to see the bigger picture .
Houses sprouted up around the highway .
The home you get could need lots of work .
Each wore the blue armbands of the army .
He was the guy you could always count on .
His tax increases will eliminate them .
They said he could lose some of his toes .
She still remembers writing her essay .
White wanted to know how a soldier died .
This is exactly what has happened here .
Bodies have been hung from overpasses .
He said the drugs might even cause harm .
He passes on buying an expensive party .
This may now have to be be reconsidered .
The joke is the fanaticism of the girls .
He regretted that he had no good answer .
Her autopsy found no signs of violence .
Thursday was his first time on a subway .
He looked as if he had aged thirty years .
I never knew the distress of blemishes .
But his generosity is now exceptional .
That happened with pancreatic cancer .
It might specialize in consumer loans .
He was initially charged with treason .
But his message is nevertheless clear .
I try not to think bad things about them .
I was talking about godkids and the dog .
Later it was said he did not have a blade .
I went hunting with my father only once .
Zamora lays the ball back into his path .
Season with fresh ground black pepper .
The top floor was evacuated as a result .
We would become insolvent at that time .
Not a single taster noticed the switch .
Many have already cut back production .
The desire to be female never went away .
But this year it was the other way round .
Please keep writing about food safety .
Some of them have become millionaires .
I hold on to the sheer majesty of the sea .
The event is free and lunch is provided .
My view is that the money is coming back .
Shopkick will be released this summer .
Soldires never die they just fade away .
The exhibit has since been dismantled .
Not all high schools are created equal .
And there is a way to just do it sensibly .
The band paid the fare in its career too .
And the deniers just have to be patient .
What happens next depends on the state .
That still seems to me to be fair enough .
And it turns out to be not so incidental .
He told the court that had not happened .
He seemed content with what he learned .
Add your comments using the form below .
Ridicule is an underestimated weapon .
Baking zucchini bread with his mother .
He said he would take over as publisher .
A decision is expected by early summer .
It did not say what type of school it was .
The body politic is sick and suffering .
Opposition parties filed a challenge .
Castleford shows that it is also wrong .
Miscarriages of justice proliferate .
Her and her sister are awesome to watch .
And the early signs have been worrying .
Red wine is far more popular than white .
His condition is reported to be stable .
Unless of course there is sex involved .
Deflation can help kick the debt habit .
It also wants basic services restored .
She brings so much joy and feelings in t .
Rescue teams have been sent to the area .
The results were varied and brilliant .
But gigantic banks are not the way to go .
The hearing was nationally televised .
I could be alone without any entourage .
They are due before magistrates later .
Soldiers responded with deadly force .
Holiday had the looks of a budding star .
Many migrating birds do the same thing .
People are keeping their items longer .
I must stop trying to weasel out of this .
Rehabilitation would be long and slow .
But they know it will not be an easy game .
Both stations had been scrubbed clean .
There will be a cooking demonstration .
The victim then handed over some money .
Were the viewers really discomforted .
The women were followed for nine years .
The leaves on the vegetables are sharp .
There have been an awful lot of debates .
Bob was deeply skeptical of authority .
But the country still remains fragile .
That is what we are going to do in future .
This misunderstands what religion is .
Lots of parents will have felt the same .
Reed said his family wanted him to play .
One of them is polishing the hand rails .
A psychological boost would be timely .
Crying has always been a problem for me .
Truffles are not so much grown as found .
The rest of the world seems years ahead .
I noticed some jackdaws hanging about .
I had an ultrasound that did not find it .
The potential for conflict is obvious .
His office said he had repaid some of it .
The setup is entirely too sentimental .
Their earnestness has become a cliche .
Thank you for this brilliant tutorial .
Political conviction at its very best .
Drug prohibition fuels the drug gangs .
Mezrich is no stranger to controversy .
Hillary would be the desperate choice .
Several backhoes were visible inside .
Soon we may all just want to stay at home .
Silsby and the others deny wrongdoing .
Children were separated from parents .
It is now starting to turn around again .
Everyone looked at each other in shock .
He became captain shortly afterwards .
The interpreter was freed within days .
I was looking forward to the offspring .
I consider this a good day and good news .
Peering through the window at the pigs.
Those pages are now facing extinction .
There were no subjects that were taboo .
They want to be free to do as they please .
The others were somehow able to escape .
She was taken off the mountain in a sled .
The atmosphere in the room is terrible .
Our country still demands that answer .
Or she might only get it when she was old .
Both men have left government service .
By the way these are all guests onstage .
Without it they would undoubtedly die .
There are two main options on the table .
He has an ugly moustache and scary eyes .
Kick off your day with something sweet .
The truth is that the book is about that .
There is better value found elsewhere .
He should have no problem following up .
Farmers across the country joined him .
The building has a common laundry room .
The stakes are higher than ever before .
King has missed five games this season .
The real question is who will innovate .
They have attended concerts together .
More sorrow was just around the corner .
They were mentioned in a magazine poll .
The boxers then sit down and play chess .
Witte wants a federal ban in place soon .
Lower courts have sided with the clubs .
Turkmenistan holds associate status .
But he would still look back in disgust .
It is not yet known who was responsible .
And some even hides behind the deficit .
There are no additional or hidden fees.
The war began more than seven years ago .
The argument has rumbled on ever since .
The bomb was hidden inside a parked car .
But it leaves considerable gray areas .
The program is not without its critics .
His spirit and courage was incredible .
Whispers were beginning to circulate .
It is what they represent that matters .
He was also a prominent financial guru .
They were only in it for the scam anyway .
The scenes that followed were violent .
The company has called for his release .
But it proves harder than anticipated .
Ellen had two tapings scheduled today .
The pilot said his controls had jammed .
But it was always the runt of the litter .
Maybe someone could investigate this .
Europe then sees cooler temperatures .
But we are making a civil rights demand .
It is such a pity they are not on our side .
Waugh remained fiercely loyal to them .
Sampras won all three of their matches .
He denied murder and attempted murder .
This freedom has been a mixed blessing .
The author of this article confuses me .
He served out the match in the next game .
This is a shortened version of the quiz .
Eighty percent of the city was flooded .
It was like a little recreation centre .
He was a church counselor for tourists .
And he might have a chance of doing that .
The paper has already leaked to the web .
Only two days until a new set of madness .
He wants to acquire power and retain it .
This is education and health services .
It has a history of sectarian violence .
The issue has been fully underwritten .
Far more than his presidency is at risk .
Fire service chiefs welcomed the move .
Of most concern is the rice production .
Or anyway my almost certain knowledge .
Just a minor but important correction .
Both matches were there for the taking .
I learned that my van has quite a buffer .
One would stand there for about an hour .
Man and dog made it safely back to shore .
Please refresh for the latest details .
I think perhaps a bombshell is pending .
He chuckled nervously at the question .
We learn at a very early age not to steal .
I had dated the other guy for six months .
Yet it also evokes something mystical .
More than half of them were mailed back .
She has certainly found her disciples .
Spring training provides the purpose .
This type of director has disappeared .
But understanding alone is not enough .
How many times does this have to happen .
The verses came out in that one session .
They are losing billions and billions .
Time has not made him more forthcoming .
The scene has since been declared safe .
Toast the bread until crisp and golden .
Here is the data in a little more detail .
Other scientists say naps are natural .
We all know about medical malpractice .
Forsberg was just happy to contribute .
There the stuff presidents are made of .
The law now puts all on an equal footing .
This will inhibit political dialogue .
She has excited and energized our base .
We are worried about redundancies too .
The report details some positive news .
Two were killed instantly by the blast .
Details in car by car breakdown at hjuk .
Apparently outlawed by majority rule .
A fourth pirate was taken into custody .
The deaths are being treated as murder .
We never allow lazy training sessions .
Travel is easy in the distressed world .
But he had two escapes soon afterwards .
He also faces a possible life sentence .
Some kiosks open just for the holidays .
Others are just downright prejudiced .
Both lists can be found after the break .
They made off with cash and cigarettes .
We need to control that as much as we can .
That world is about to get a lot smaller .
But that decision is not always simple .
Others have reiterated their support .
Both had been shot in the head and chest .
I probably spend too much money on food .
The concept behind the piece is simple .
Ask about portion sizes when ordering .
Enjoy the time outside of the class too .
Iran say this fuel is for nuclear power .
I thought there would be much more of it .
The government never has enough money .
The public meeting was also announced .
But this has not stopped the grumbling .
But the firewall can be unpredictable .
That is just simply not going to happen .
Several addresses are being searched .
Tim raised that just a little while ago .
He was rescued and revived hours later .
The next phase is due to start tomorrow .
They have always had the motive to do so .
Telephone services were interrupted .
Even the buskers outside seemed happy .
You are as lost as those evil predators .
I got some condoms here if you need them .
Neither was blamed on a suicide bomber .
But that chart looks much like this one .
Corporate greed killed those workers .
And gets to display a great pair of legs .
Not only are these workers poorly paid .
There are plenty of large banks abroad .
Most people can now keep their shoes on .
Single women are rarely granted visas .
I fear my son is doomed to fail his exams .
But this is misplaced and misinformed .
Other books also did well for the house .
Pakistan should support the uprising .
But he has kept mostly quiet since then .
Lieberman campaigns for republicans .
Bindi blames the premier in large part .
There are three key components to this .
But this is the wrong way to reckon cost .
The leaders offer a striking contrast .
Reality has hit hard on the south coast .
His big thing is he wants to be in combat .
There are buyers and there are sellers .
But it is not an exclusively female art .
Right now everything is in the balance .
Gurkhas are not regarded as layabouts .
This curious art is known as weighting .
This was recognised by the trial judge .
You were a high school basketball star .
The tragedy of being old is loneliness .
There were so many obstacles in his way .
He said reinforcements were on the way .
Lipscomb has now won four games in a row .
There is a private dock with a boat slip .
Families lounged in the hot sun in park .
Couriers say the journey is dangerous .
Their content did not breach any rules .
Fifteen of the injured were civilians .
The chuck realized he had been spotted .
Everyone here is extremely receptive .
England was living in fear of invasion .
Bush twice vetoed legislation to do so .
But you have my respect and admiration .
His training regimens were legendary .
His fellow workers are a bizarre group .
Fryer would say only that it is ongoing .
A child wants things to be a certain way .
Just use their stories as inspiration .
Henredon first trimmed its workforce .
One of his legs had been all but severed .
You worry too much about little things .
All three were subsequently released .
This certainly happens occasionally .
Life itself was altogether more vivid .
The building is near the state capitol .
Hamas has named only four judges so far .
It was dark and the ceiling had caved in .
That all potential bidders had walked .
The fighting dragged on for two months .
But the team decided to get a head start .
For services to institutional reform .
Call it another revolt of the generals .
They also took a cash till from the cafe .
The elements made it a challenging day .
You could masturbate but nothing else .
Big price declines have hit the market .
The office was empty and no one was hurt .
Your sister is incredibly courageous .
It takes over their role to some extent .
Afghanistan is a haven for terrorists .
The tragedy could have been much worse .
This time the parents were not in court .
There would still be local sales taxes .
Bloom voted against the declawing ban .
The decline is stronger than expected .
Officials said it was a suicide attack .
Home lives tend to get the short shrift .
Another study with the obvious answer .
There will be no good carbon credits vs.
The company has suspended its flights .
It is something that still affects him .
And there was little truly fresh water .
Two of them were in critical condition .
Get to know your value and your options .
When it came time to support our troops .
More reading at home is a place to start .
These suicide attacks consolidate it .
I must be her eyes and do her work for her .
Another factor could be occupational .
The flag colours represent the county .
It will be rebuilt in its original form .
It seems like it happened way too often .
Hester has the speed to be a cornerback .
This is always left out of the equation .
But this is not a pragmatic collection .
It did not say what action might follow .
Mac respects my time and intelligence .
The situation is really unacceptable .
There are things that we know are a fact .
It is awful to see your son in such a mess .
They had a great ad campaign and blew it .
The thoughts and things race in my mind .
The answer depends on your objectives .
Once you purchase the phone it is yours .
His killer instinct can be unsettling .
But they did get swamped with such risk .
Fast food exists because of cheapness .
This may be one of his favourite topics .
He calls immigration reform a debacle .
Lets put an end to that kind of politics .
The enemy must not repeat its mistakes .
But now their enthusiasm has faltered .
Some shrapnel is still inside his head .
An employee picked her up and drove her .
The blast threw him to the marble floor .
This is going to all come out in the wash .
This is insulting to anyone with a clue .
It is available on satellite and cable .
The cells that die are not replaceable .
The call was not immediately returned .
Fox declined to comment on the reports .
It seems an almost irresistible force .
A naughty smile creeps across her face .
This result has been coming for a while .
Yet they insist on pretending they can .
Trees were also moved up the mountains .
It is now going to investigate further .
Those who did made money hand over fist .
His recollections began as scribbles .
We had to think about every single shot .
Prices could stay high next winter too .
Roethlisberger is in serious trouble .
This question is worth investigating .
Most cases involve domestic airlines .
The mention triggered a chorus of boos .
There were different angles of attack .
That was the path most countries chose .
You were told the money would be repaid .
This was the way a father should behave .
She gave it to all and any of the workers .
She said they did not ask for the ruling .
The rest is mere liquorice and popguns .
It was over in little more than a minute .
The chopper made an emergency landing .
Gomez was pronounced dead at the scene .
The party lost the youth vote two to one .
Sounds and smells can be overwhelming .
The first call may have been made by now .
We are assured rain is coming tomorrow .
Just about everyone else left long ago .
I did not do anything to make her grumpy .
Republicans say the plan is too costly .
The scam was up and the sign was changed .
Another will run with her on the street .
We looked at the phone and at each other .
But they will still be on the defensive .
Her interest in immigration is not new .
Apply a little hairspray and wipe away .
He has good reason to pose the question .
Nothing was stolen from his apartment .
The finance unit accounts for the rest .
Bigger fish to fry out there these days .
I think men are obsolete to some extent .
New crane inspections were announced .
That was five years and four albums ago .
Detroit led in every game of the series .
Work it out so the snitch is kept secret .
Family had a history of jazz musicians .
Kick the smoking habit once and for all .
He was wearing a dark coat and trousers .
They are not a couple and neither is gay .
Theirs is the payback of the powerless .
All this caused the companies to yield .
The cast was working at a disadvantage .
The mice showed no sign of side effects .
He has been married at least five times .
He has been spectacularly successful .
Such attacks are increasingly deadly .
All the rises are on unregulated fares .
I recommend shopping in charity shops .
He was so distracted he missed the shot .
Milan return should confirm his place .
Slade said the records are not correct .
These robots will not look like people .
Both teams will play bruising defense .
That competition ended a long time ago .
Antares strongly disputes this claim .
My life has been changed beyond belief .
I have the driving ambition back again .
What a one dimensional thinker you are .
The debate is more than philosophical .
And the market will take care of itself .
Many houses double as smelter and home .
Bloodgate might just be the beginning .
It comes back to avoiding major change .
Jets should get a high first round pick .
Those are all things we need to address .
The prosecutor later dropped the case .
Graying veterans giving a firm salute .
Time to indulge in some online linkage .
The national polls are all but useless .
But that point has not yet been reached .
Here was the first atlas of the anatomy .
It does a great line in youthful smarts .
Now he pops in every evening after work .
There are serious doubts that will fly .
We slap sporters are accused of vanity .
Our loyalty to each other was absolute .
Both choices could have been far worse .
The golden rule is to make haste slowly .
The move sparks a lively public debate .
But the university has not backed down .
Trying to have your cake and eat it here .
I was looking forward to these debates .
The blog organized the petition drive .
Close my eyes as his music fills the car .
They said it would spark more fighting .
But it wants to step up its pay campaign .
Sykes came through in that department .
They have lost all sense of proportion .
The banks are overexposed in many ways .
Not all the research went unpublished .
But those hopes have fizzled somewhat .
He has so far resisted pressure to quit .
That way politics will be a lot more fun .
Even arranging the holiday is a bother .
The truth is infinitely more worrying .
Thank you for this very welcome column .
Paerson currently in bronze position .
None wished to be named or interviewed .
Unfortunately the trip started badly .
Israel has also offered compensation .
It is often intricate but never worthy .
Enforcement is virtually impossible .
The nation is in dire economic straits .
We are not privy to the reasons for this .
The works are not illuminated by logic .
Many others are appealing their cases .
It does so for the purpose of education .
Only a higher power could cure his ills .
Both sides have suffered heavy losses .
Dancing and short walks always appeal .
I saved myself for just the right woman .
He said the incidents may be connected .
On the first pitch he drilled him again .
They set themselves up for this crisis .
The pictures were surprisingly clear .
Wilders praised their civil reaction .
The paranoia started to feed on itself .
Hence they make fundamental mistakes .
Instead they defend the indefensible .
They were certainly never simplistic.
A part of me was convinced she was right .
Now they must sell shares at low prices .
Politicians often feed this delusion .
Bellotti would not comment until then .
A modern gold rush is getting under way .
It will be high taxes and deep deficits .
They were beaten back by a tiny country .
Or for different sexual orientations .
Shanklin will need to reprise his role .
You never see anybody wandering about .
They warrant very close surveillance .
There are echoes here of past miseries .
It handicaps those suffering further .
All views were available to the people .
But it may not look much like the old one .
Who knows who they vote for in the booth .
But that may not have erased the stigma .
That is where the effort need to be made .
To win your first event on grass is nice .
Prepare for a serious chemical attack .
It would be focused on monetary policy .
Their empty chairs litter the factory .
Its success also transformed its host .
Stock prices and factory orders are up .
No other country has yet followed suit .
For a long time these were encouraging .
They went to live with an aunt and uncle .
The amount of the bid was not disclosed .
A stimulus package has been rolled out .
That movie is due for release next year .
Speeds may vary and are not guaranteed .
And not everyone hears the same accent .
But the breadth of it is astounding too .
Madeleine fell asleep during the film .
The new chapter ends with two thoughts .
Heat the oil in a stew pot over high heat .
It all appeared rather old and rundown .
Students usually take three subjects .
I spent the whole day yesterday at home .
Not the ideal recipe for family travel .
There were not many people on the scene .
More fruitful is the tax timebomb line .
He needs a reliable and safe hatchback .
She always had remarkable perception .
Exactly why this should be is not clear .
Then consider any neutral debt you owe .
Hillary had to know more then she led on .
Many of those firms are now struggling .
And we all remember how that turned out .
Mensah was shot in the shoulder and arm .
People are hungry and there are no jobs .
But this might not have been a surprise .
And she has not done that consistently .
Other countries already realize this .
The case fell into confusion this week .
The vote is now set for a week from today .
Distrust of politicians is at its peak .
Spend more on prevention and research .
We then put our present home up for sale .
There are no reports of anyone injured .
He did not provide details of the reply .
The rest of us have to work and pay taxes .
He is capable of that without question .
Combs is also a fashion and music mogul .
Now the greater question is his future .
We have everything listed that we need .
Everything to him is a new opportunity .
Luxury is supposed to make a statement .
His youth makes him infinitely spooky .
Red wine is considered most effective .
Skiing at any level does not come cheap .
Camera phones are banned at the school .
Fashion is a form of cultural dialogue .
He always wanted to do the best he could .
But it also includes historical notes .
She has the certificate above her desk .
They have always recovered in the past .
And then there is the issue of migrants .
Many signs recommend the latter route .
It is also good practice for the future .
The seven rapists were also convicted .
Huckabee is full of ethics violations .
But the law did not arrive there easily .
I wondered what exactly he had died for .
They have left me the creative freedom .
Not sure where these numbers come from .
But it turns out these are real tattoos .
Obama was ignorant to bring up the cane .
Your view is that she already has a baby .
Fourteen of the fatalities were women .
She survives him with three daughters .
Israel has been moving right for years .
The teacher was in critical condition .
People will fall in love with the shape .
Purtee could not be reached to comment .
Housing often plays an important role .
Many catch up on chatter at local cafes .
Now it is a huge task to clean up the mess .
Selig and others never saw this coming .
You could only feel sorry for the crowd .
The church has stepped up its security .
Dutifully and carefully they learned .
Merriment by order of the authorities .
Sanliurfa also has a fantastic bazaar .
Think back to the gastronomic example .
Few have been a position quite like his .
One has to be dumber than a rock to smoke .
People will get fed up after a few weeks .
It could almost be the script for a film .
The timing of this story makes it worse .
Your grasp of economics is astounding .
Bakery shops are just torture to visit .
Then he broached a more delicate topic .
We cannot begin to describe how we feel .
At least schoolchildren will be happy .
Airlines took the brunt of the selling .
It is a treaty of supreme significance .
He talked about it fairly and honestly .
The company did not respond to queries .
The tests establish speed and stamina .
Another flagpole nearby bears no flag .
Phelps already has plenty of exposure .
Four soldiers were wounded by gunshot .
This will lower your centre of gravity .
He made core training their core focus .
Having the power to avoid looking away .
That regret will not be felt for a while .
He could not say when that might happen .
He paused to look out on the dance floor .
Lee is the more experimental of the two .
They are supported by a national staff .
Reform by taking a different approach .
Radical right is a better description .
It would be difficult to turn that down .
Most analysts expect them to take part .
He wore a blue shirt and black trousers .
Goods in storage have to be accessible .
Birthday presents happen the next day .
It was time to guess the heart position .
Facebook has also declined to comment .
He has fond memories of the auditorium .
Abundant parking next to the building .
There has been no word yet on their fate .
You know the answer to these questions .
It was fantasy blown to bits by reality .
Their eggs were bigger than footballs .
The other will be sentenced next month .
It opened last summer and is doing well .
Zelaya says that was not his intention .
Nevada is desperate for a white knight .
It is a time for traditional pleasures .
This one was to be found in the basement .
The sixth is probably the best example .
The biggest headache is mobile phones .
Many of the tests are hard to interpret .
And the pace of change is set to quicken .
Police also say they are short staffed .
The car park next to her is nearly empty .
Plant a vegitable bed in your backyard .
Nervous consumers have hunkered down .
More costs eventually to the taxpayer .
Reports of negligence fuel pain after .
Stockmarkets have surged in response .
Damianova is a special correspondent .
I know this is not much of a comfort to ye .
Some went to constitutional seminars .
Mozart did something similar himself .
It is also where the beaches are better .
It also relies on philanthropic money .
Click here to read the church bulletin .
Cats and dogs even outnumber kids here .
For some reason that just stays with me .
You are a bunch of disrespectful jerks .
They will be distributed as souvenirs .
They say his errors were not on purpose .
The next task was treating her quickly .
Gold edged back as the dollar firmed up .
Three passengers are unaccounted for .
Others call it a bunch of fuzzy numbers .
Mainly used for a second job or pension .
Not everyone is going to like everyone .
The optometrist strolls by and says hi .
But he has proved his detractors wrong .
He should never have become a minister .
She said it was her house and her camera .
Both women were left shaken but unhurt .
He did not return phone calls last week .
And they put this knowledge to good use .
One fire engine was still damping down .
Its energy resources are almost spent .
She was subdued and taken to a hospital .
He immediately knew this was a bad call .
European stocks extended their slide .
Today that promise has been delivered .
That idea died because it cost too much .
Not all agencies grow under the budget .
The company is going to buy everything .
Nor will it fit the pocketbooks of many .
Yet it looks like it was rushed through .
He even guaranteed there would be snow .
I was convinced that the video was fake .
He kept his eye on her career after that .
He has only thrown four interceptions .
Cautiously he reaches out a single toe .
And unnerving to anyone not in the know .
Look back at the example about the auto .
But every good team only has one leader .
Mickelson likes to tinker with his bag .
This can be made from their own vessels .
Those samples were then weighted down .
Not all agents are using such language .
Auschwitz was not a word the world knew .
Hughes had five assists and six steals .
The bank reports its results next week .
It is virtually guaranteed not to work .
But the strategy has proven effective .
The system will be used by human beings .
They include two members of the police .
Linking to the surrounding community .
Many of these will be internet enabled .
Obama is beginning to look too slick fo .
Behind him are a couch and coffee table .
Those mistakes also happen sometimes .
The wine list is short and serviceable .
The new cabin classes contradict that .
The surprises of the election process .
But green roofs are not just aesthetic .
The pirates were quickly overpowered .
Authorities did not confirm that toll .
The junta says most have been released .
He was talking about a boost to exports .
It certainly looks better off her face .
But the concept of the bill will remain .
The whole trend is towards complexity .
I wish more restaurants would offer it .
I have half a mind to put him over my knee .
The shimmer of illusion and festivity .
He escaped before anything was stolen .
There was no telephone listing for him .
Green strongly denies any wrongdoing .
It is really a lot harder than you think .
The couple also has a married daughter .
Currently three drills are operating .
Avantha has gone in search of all three .
This win will take him to another level .
And be sure to wear makeup if you need it .
Training has been more or less the same .
Hamilton is a different type of player .
The hearing itself was unprecedented .
Behind the humour lies a sensitive and .
Some nonchalantly smoked cigarettes .
The other men deny terrorism offences .
Nixon said he expected to be impeached .
She is survived by her daughter and son .
The stink was like a disgusting toilet .
History shows that might be difficult .
I never hear people talk about that one .
Thank you all for sharing what you know .
They have not been charged in that case .
They only talk to people at lunch break .
It takes a majority to elect a chairman .
A far bigger loss remains unexplained .
The girls were thrown from the vehicle .
They know they live in a stable country .
Relatives wept while waiting for news .
It appears to affect our sense of trust .
I think you folks are missing the point .
They are buying up other smaller banks .
There were no other major new releases .
Both crashed like vaudeville cymbals .
Bondy has taken the opposite approach .
That data lags initial claims by a week .
She felt his hands squeeze down on hers .
As a young man he was the chubby playboy .
Fiji were insatiable and unstoppable .
This was the stuff of schoolboy dreams .
Some people put on a strong aftershave .
He was the only working dog on the scene .
A secretary was in critical condition .
Obama is likely to get some of us killed .
Kaurin gets a good break down the right .
Congressional tweeting is on the rise .
Americans have heard similar stories .
Experienced staff coach new recruits .
He joined the military two years later .
I know adoptive parents can do the same.
But another brave attempt is to be made .
I agree with the comment posted by bill .
The further we get away from the crisis .
Saudi authorities are taking no risks .
This can suit the elite perfectly well .
Thompson had eight birdies and a bogey .
Back pain is definitely not one of them .
It seemed too much pressure for one day .
Prince looks just like my grandfather .
Emmy presenters will pull double duty .
That is where the big difficulties lie .
That has a lot to do with how big they are .
Obama has dealt with adversity before .
It is not as if it happened easily for me .
He denied the allegations against him .
Then the powerful reunion takes place .
But officials say they want to be ready .
Work to rebuild the school is under way .
Two of his cousins served as president .
At one point it was postponed for a year .
But that was not what it was about at all .
Interest rates are as low as they can go .
The answer is that he has authenticity .
He thinks they made the right decision .
Variegated ground elder also has fans .
Some of them are respected scientists .
He hands the estimate to his assistant .
Because she says it while gun is in hand .
This is being blamed on a postal strike .
I have to cut this short and get outside .
He is under pressure on several fronts .
The salute gives many fans goose bumps .
I know there is debate about this issue .
Bonnie had had the ring for about a week .
And it makes you completely conscious .
Gruadh grows up in a warrior household .
Battle lines were drawn and that was it .
But he quickly reversed that decision .
I got into my share of trouble as a child .
No charges were filed against the boys .
That was only the start of the shockers .
I thought the building was coming down .
He was wounded but survived the attack .
The accident severely damaged the bus .
It will take a lifetime to pay it all off .
All of this is obviously to be deplored .
The markets were thirsty for good news .
Both work well with skirts or trousers .
That is where pricing science comes in .
They set the standard for those to come .
They should lift that ban immediately .
Estimates do not reflect commissions .
And it was more or less what we expected .
But it seems to have an opposite effect .
Random gun shots could be heard nearby .
Franco is a big fan of contemporary art .
They even vacation at the same resorts .
The smallest aid can make a difference .
These are not ordinary circumstances .
Rushing leads only to incompleteness .
The concert however went on as planned .
They were told to return to their rooms .
The clinic called in the prescription .
Many of the animals died of starvation .
I can understand people thinking that .
Selection will be governed by success .
The corps eventually dropped the idea .
Most important however is stretching .
Thanks for bringing back a fond memory .
Police said it isunclear when she died .
Now water is draining the life out of it .
Chinese consider eight a lucky number .
The churches are not against the women .
Like a dog rolling over and whimpering .
It said two other workers were wounded .
It was a real character assassination .
The employee is also seen taking drugs .
But he is also complex and paradoxical .
He did not suffer any serious injuries .
Your post seems to miss the point on two .
France has the most privileged status .
The orchestra was lush and a joy to hear .
But she has since returned to the stage .
Nine parties are contesting the polls .
Her racism overrode her party loyalty .
But other analysts were less sanguine .
Her condition has not been made public .
Even the government trimmed spending .
What a palaver there has been over this .
There was no audible fire alarm system .
Quality of care is the biggest concern .
No one seemed to notice we were waiting .
The elections took almost seven hours .
Each of these are bad in their own right .
They also can sell bonds to raise money .
My niece will crack up when she hears it .
I am a widower living on my own in a large .
These cocoroaches should all be fired .
Political leaders are divided over it .
Ideally that should be made permanent .
At last it was time for the dinner to end .
Rain showers are expected for the race .
Even a small gap can allow costly leaks .
There are some outstanding teams in it .
A police car patrolled the parking lot .
Hendrickson allowed six hits overall .
Finally their commitment has paid off .
She had thoroughly outflanked us both .
Many hold pictures of slain relatives .
The bank rescue was to save the economy .
I was delighted to see some innovation .
It is subject to change without notice .
You might call them overly optimistic .
Drugs are needed to placate the masses .
The second danger is unfair selection .
There is no point asking the elephants .
Just push the button and get rid of them .
Now there are more galleries than ever .
They have some supervised home visits .
It offers training and sets standards .
The phenomenon remains partly hidden .
This was the last known sighting of her .
His views are slanted to fit his agenda .
That consensus has begun to break down .
You ignore the vacant lot full of weeds .
The firm is no stranger to controversy .
But they were provided only one paddle .
Nor should this be thought irrational .
The bus driver was expected to survive .
Lewis said there are no other suspects .
They had faced up to six years in prison .
But the real change will be her setting .
People want to hear solutions from you .
We will be made to feel as if we know them .
Minimum debating time for major bills .
For three days the protests continued .
He glanced out the window to the street .
Frustration is beginning to boil over .
The woman and her daughter were unhurt .
It has extreme violence and profanity .
Pride and a place in history is at stake .
The measure is slated to pass next week .
They want the security people to smile .
He dedicated his plunge to world peace .
No wonder it was lambs to the slaughter .
Speegle was not available for comment .
Both are open during most museum hours .
Some complained they arrived too late .
So we did what any sane parents would do .
Our options to find great food have not .
I now have a life story to hide or reveal .
The club have yet to make any statement .
It can affect their earning potential .
Most of the actors chose to be cremated .
Then he was released to await his trial .
What a decent set of ideals they remain .
In a world that has grown dark and disma .
He was livid that his sledge was broken .
Schoolchildren were mainly affected .
Abortion is a legal medical procedure .
The provider is chosen by the hospital .
And many shows were sold out in advance .
Thank you for the interesting writing .
And now the exploitation truly begins .
The other workers listened in silence .
I hope they can be here before tomorrow .
His wife had a tougher go of it this time .
No such changes were seen in the others .
A smart retailer stands for something .
We regret we cannot answer all letters .
Its simplicity is its sophistication .
A compromise prevented going nuclear .
Sit up straight and everything sits up .
Prices are also extremely reasonable .
Biden has also had to overcome tragedy .
The order to kill the pirates was given .
Palin is said to have a book in the works .
So a unity government remains elusive .
The ensuing riots left scores wounded .
What happened next will never be known .
He should be used to the wet conditions .
By making a mistake in his travel plans .
Pair them with sweet coconut in a scone .
I could really care less about the pic o .
It did not disclose any specific cases .
It is now about bottle as much as talent .
I simply felt that too much was at stake .
Those fundamentals are not improving .
Diagnosis is fairly straightforward .
Shops this evening were not shuttered .
A few of us dabble with the double swing .
And she set back feminism four decades .
No need to set up tents and smoke cigars .
You can do everything on your computer .
The scoring would settle in the second .
The looks from the public were similar .
Very many parents fail for lack of help .
It is unlikely to make much difference .
The rodents are simply more practical .
A great first stop for charity virgins .
It gets more difficult as he gets older .
You and your brother have given so much .
And that will just get better with time .
Karl would not revisit those emotions .
There is no list of members or chapters .
My mother is also has manic depression .
Sprinkle with cheese and green chiles .
They are both accomplices to genocide .
I think they feel desperately let down .
Think about it the consequnces of that .
Big borrowers such as hedge funds fled .
Arresting them where they can be found .
Nose sprays just arrived the other day .
They applied only to the little people .
Contador is nothing if not an optimist .
A large pressure ridge blocks our path .
These were the darkest days so far seen .
No need to sell your fossil fuel shares .
Use the form below to give us your views .
Perfect for working out or hanging out .
The region was virtually a sea of white .
Scaled back would be putting it mildly .
I could feel myself turning bright red .
It will require costly new telescopes .
This is the only thing they understand .
She later gave birth to a healthy child .
Any final action is likely months away .
There are some duels that cannot be won .
Ranchers let their cattles over graze .
No one came because no stores were open .
Maria lives up the road from the resort .
A full investigation is to be launched .
Passengers were allowed off the plane .
All this suggests a pandemic is likely .
I liked them all for different reasons .
Thanks for bringing back a nice memory .
The oxygen ions work for up to six hours .
A correction was played shortly after .
Bandera is at once remote and too close .
A raft of polls showing him well behind .
The party then was escorted out by road .
This results from a failure to connect .
The battle starts with a jolt next week .
More job cuts were announced last week .
They had no trouble finding customers .
This shooting is another tragic story .
His outing is a disaster at every level .
Obama asked what he was confused about .
But even stalwarts are looking weaker .
Osedax worms do not have mouths or guts .
By day the region is best visited by car .
That could send mortgage rates higher .
Fashion world turns to bloggers to get .
Long queues formed at petrol stations .
My next step is unplugging everything .
The list was notable for its omissions .
Surrounding homes had to be evacuated .
We are happy to put the record straight .
We must not squander this opportunity .
Residents do not have many belongings .
They wanted to bring us down a peg or two .
I am writing to make a personal apology .
He said he has mixed feelings about her .
An annual flu shot is also recommended .
A group of senators charges it does not .
Thousands of miles have been traveled .
The question is what they can do with it .
The issue is not whether gays can fight .
And perhaps its design is intentional .
A holiday detour or two might be a start .
Its shares slipped in morning trading .
We have set down a marker for the future .
The shooter was acting like an officer .
He lost and appeared mortally wounded .
The people who do still read are touchy .
Two of the six rooms have kitchenettes .
His family says he is too sick to travel .
We were prepared to use military force .
I am not a man who would molest children .
I feel bad for the children left behind .
Patients are left extremely fatigued .
The archbishop took notes as she spoke .
It will challenge the political class .
Balshaw is now among the replacements .
I do differ with you about the debt a bit .
This is their revolution in the making .
This was the second trial for the group .
The two were ordered held without bail .
New artist tools are also in the offing .
He would not specify the type of weapon .
Genetics seem to play a role in all this .
But it raises the specter of isolation .
Not that it has all been smooth sailing .
Muhummed testified in his own defense .
There are other benefits to employers .
It should resemble a glass parking lot .
Hattersley is now a keen supporter too .
From solar panels over the parking lot .
Not sure what you mean by this sentence .
I have an unhealthy trust of strangers .
Zardari is the most corrupt of them all .
Both players were given some medicine .
Washington is not known for shrinking .
There is also a lesson about listening .
What a horrific and senseless tragedy .
But he does ask if he can tattoo her butt .
The game is called because of darkness .
Mighani was appointed to head the unit .
Insist on signed receipts for all work .
He has no time nor funds for counseling .
Norris did not return a telephone call .
They also began calling for his ouster .
He also was acquitted of racketeering .
Households will be less afraid to shop .
Even the fishermen got in on the action .
Stock prices underscore the optimism .
The problem exasperates area leaders .
This dispute is not about wanting more .
Some simply wept and hugged each other .
Baselice overdosed the day it came out .
Wright said he was congratulating him .
Stay up to date with modern technology .
Prize includes half board and flights .
That world was dangerous but familiar .
For a moment there was ghastly silence .
His report to authorities was ignored .
It just has nothing to do with the music .
Everyone should be on straight salary .
They are the golf of electronic sports .
Tickets can also be donated to charity .
It was his first victory in four starts .
I had the chance to make the most of life .
All this happened in just the past week .
I am holding the governor accountable .
She gets a free pass for the return trip .
Read some of the coverage here and here .
They talked about girls and about race .
It was not yet clear if they lived there .
But fashion is in a weird place just now .
Talk about adding gasoline to the fire .
He will join a team gaining confidence .
I worry most about a biological attack .
But the infamous list was not complete .
It was unclear how soon he would depart .
They should have just offered him a job .
They will be at the mercy of the weather .
Smaller jurisdictions are not immune .
Kato suffered his own identity crisis .
Go back to where they were forced on you .
Definitely leave the children behind .
The death shocked more than surprised .
Technology leveled the playing field .
That may not sound like a great hit rate.
I respect their opinions and feelings .
There appears to be plenty of interest .
That may not necessarily be a bad thing .
The service is in urgent need of reform .
Europe is still a project in the making .
We need to set limits and expectations .
That ideal may depend on where you live .
Nerina had long suffered from anaemia .
It used to be looked at like a sanctuary .
Do not allow a cuckoo to police the nest .
Abbas has since reversed his decision .
That may reflect something very basic .
But screening is actually nothing new .
New destinations will be added weekly .
It may not be too late to undo the damage .
Parents drove by and honked in support .
That too is a feature of being in prison .
They can also tend bar at intermission .
The method of payment is not specified .
Then they opened fire in a hasty ambush .
Others say there are too many messages .
Almost anything is the obvious answer .
Some states also have disclosure laws .
A few other pioneers are already there .
The president has got a lot on his plate .
The boy continues yelling and cursing .
State authorities are investigating .
We are a bit all over the shop generally .
Beam is free and works on any cellphone .
He died of a heart attack minutes later .
The victims were all using debit cards .
He did not give the ages of the children .
Cohen has not been charged with a crime .
Palin cited budgetary disagreements .
His charitable efforts are well known .
The worst he could do is gum you to death .
Taking something for nothing is wrong .
That argument would normally prevail .
Check and see if your bank is one of them .
We were quiet as the cab raced downtown .
He also might travel to some road games .
Haiti is a tragic illustration of this .
Ensure you fully understand the risks .
The plan has not yet been presented yet .
Close calls can be equally disturbing .
The two planes collided in front of him .
It did not say how many jobs would be cut .
A total of eight have now been returned .
Melanomas rarely regress on their own .
She is a perversion of the human spirit .
Sports was never a big deal in my family .
I always said it and my granddad said it .
This includes high starting salaries .
The judge is handling many of the cases .
Ameobi nips into the area from the left .
These are inflation adjusted numbers .
It later emerged he had a slow puncture .
Subtlety and style are winning the day .
Foreigners flee escalating fighting .
Here are seven of the most problematic .
Extended warranties also are honored .
Nice catch in the corner of the end zone .
The deal ultimately did not go through .
She had suffered multiple stab wounds .
Attempts to restart her career tanked .
So that leaves the sale of state assets .
The court said the policy was unlawful .
Draper needs to see a psychotherapist .
The resolution is still being drafted .
Publicly the police have closed ranks .
The government has is changing things .
There was no joy or elation in his voice .
Brush all over with beaten egg and milk .
Both are indicted on genocide charges .
The official himself tested negative.
Her family ships her off for treatment .
There are two difficulties in all this .
Sweden says the men were not its agents .
Just hope you never get that crotchety .
Aging lessens the sensation of thirst .
Fourteen is considered about average .
She asked for hot sauce for her chowder .
But he was quite calm and did a great job .
Endorphins show up nearly everywhere .
It made an indelible impression on him .
Eleanor said the loss was devastating .
And most times that can nip it in the bud .
The other woman is expected to survive .
That was always going to be the way of it .
Program offerings vary at each school .
It will come from my behavior over time .
Ivedik is intimidating in appearance .
Newspapers have long paid for stories .
A stable climate is part of the commons .
He did not specify a precise start date .
Nor would the sheik receive his pistol .
They could care less about the workers .
Twelve months on it is happening again .
Everyone gathered in the store nodded .
We should all be paying more attention .
And he refused to do anything domestic .
Washington understands that message .
One had a rifle with a telescopic sight .
He answered questions from all comers .
The trend was similar with condo units .
It was the fastest and densest ovation .
They would make a strong bill stronger .
His killer instinct has perfect pitch .
Vick was sentenced and served his time .
Deloitte posts its report on football .
So really a bit much to pay for a memento.
Buckhalter later returned to the game .
Sport is banned at girls state schools .
Please use this list as an inspiration .
I think that is a very helpful solution .
Do everything you can to bring us peace .
Amazon no doubt will take this to court .
Some have already bought into the idea .
No invasive procedure is without risk .
Ringback tones take longer to explain .
He is a great lad and a fantastic keeper .
Which brings us back to the muffin cars .
Let us put the question to a plebiscite .
He was not charged with any drug counts .
The other two are receiving treatment .
The children sense something is wrong .
He gets to display a lot of outrage here .
The evidence suggests something else .
The morals were very interesting then .
People can look you up in your yearbook .
The policy marks a significant change .
Make sure the contractor is certified .
Every board needs at least one of these .
We pray for all of us affected families .
Now he just needs to do it six more times .
There are four other members in my team .
Lario was less subtle in her criticism .
During the fire a teacher goes missing .
But you know where this story is headed .
They said they were being treated well .
Two more passengers died at hospitals .
Soldiers seem to be tired of waving now .
The bodyguards are believed to be dead .
Let me start with the second part first .
The woman is being treated in hospital .
Both groups were tracked for two years .
Only that show was a joke and this is not .
There are always rumors about you guys .
All is a picture of prosperity and calm .
Rodgers is letting the game come to him .
We have treated it like our birthright .
Three civilian cars were also damaged .
It also did not rule out a prisoner swap .
This look can be assembled pretty fast .
Obama just walked over him a second ago .
He had nothing to gain from compromise .
Washington is more than a seat of power .
Eat meals around the same time each day .
Most websites have a problem with this .
The kangaroo disappeared into bushes .
The first objection is philosophical .
I think it is a tool for mate assessment .
A drill team also arrived on the island .
The fall in profit surprised analysts .
Twitter was not available for comment .
Their relationship remained unknown .
I was always in support of a compromise .
The right pass would have seen us score .
But faith can be a curse as well as a cure .
Now he wants to do something about them .
His predicament is fiendishly simple .
She still bears the scars of her ordeal .
Saab has not posted a profit in a decade .
The loser will be the one who dies first .
But the film is nevertheless stirring .
The soliloquies were quite memorable .
It operates on solar power and propane .
The sales effort has to start tomorrow .
The naughty dash is a yearly tradition .
A dozen control orders remain in force .
The industry is fighting the proposal .
Earlier reports indicated no one died .
Even the war protesters had scattered .
But now travellers are back in numbers .
They gave no details on the casualties .
There were cats living under the house .
Schumacher had the option to continue .
There are thought to be risks attached .
It is not a question of neocolonialism .
Just keep hammering away at this point .
She is subdued and clings to her mother .
But watching it happen can be risky too .
He also told people he wanted to stab me .
He was not a member of any organisation .
Rules that punish shortcuts and abuse .
Money and popular demand are behind it .
I would hate it if someone did that to me .
There is a lot of encouragement from me .
She loves the fantasy of being a mother .
Two police officers were also wounded .
All of which began with a simple candle .
The deal is expected to close next year .
Mourinho will be heard from all season .
Mahsouli has a history of controversy .
A jumble of confusion and opportunity .
You can download the software for free .
One way is to choose a defining feature .
No detail is too small to be overlooked .
My hair turned a strange shade of green .
It was a faintly ridiculous situation .
Neither of the boys showed any emotion .
He is banned from attending any mosque .
Pour bean mixture into the baking dish .
Local reaction to the ruling was muted .
Two vans and two cars were also damaged .
Massachusetts has healthcare for all .
I think allies take care of one another .
It was complete mayhem at the hospital .
He was in position only to cause a wreck .
It can be made to seem more complicated .
That and abandoning his grandaughter .
The index is broken down into two parts .
This is what the republicans are doing .
And we need to abolish the monarchy too .
Five flats and the roof were destroyed .
Take too much and you will burn them out .
Police chiefs have denied the charges .
It would have been a great development .
This man is an absolute fool to the poin .
I suspect that yours are unusually big .
The trial is expected to last for a week .
The menu is to include chicken and ribs .
The suspect is temporarily paralysed .
There are also benefits for companies .
We still had miles to go before we slept .
Got my first shuffleboard trophy here .
The detail will make a huge difference .
This may be the most complicated issue .
And it had no verification provisions .
Yet we are likely to forget most of them .
The criteria are certainly confusing .
Last year was my very first year voting .
Focus on the case studies they provide .
An idea which actually rather appeals .
She is going to have her dream come true .
Some of the oil drums washed overboard .
David pulled a flask from his backpack .
France falls into the latter category .
But it is also a scientific hypothesis .
Your participation is the best reward .
The two appeared on the stage together .
They have lost their health insurance .
The comparison is somewhat plausible .
I was really nervous the first few days .
Both women were released on bail later .
You go hungry as they eat all your crops .
Liberals are certainly the brain dead .
Race relations have never been better .
One priest was quartered and beheaded .
The party was not split down the middle .
Names of the injured were not released .
It can be sown virtually all year round .
A friend recommended a third auto shop .
But the executives were still not sold .
They no longer work for the department .
And then they decided to go out dancing .
His senior men backed him up admirably .
Others appear as ghostly prostitutes .
Some scientists have been less gung ho .
Click here for photos of the wildfires .
But that trend has not gone very far yet .
Most of the internet is garbage as well .
This should ruffle a few more feathers .
And postal workers are on strike again .
These young people are testimony to it .
It fell behind during that transition .
The endeavour makes for tense viewing .
She might be looking at dodgy websites .
She was wearing a pink and orange dress .
But it is for the greater good of tennis .
I had to say only one of those two things .
But it was clear that it meant much more .
But he did not make it through the salon .
Tuesday when she heard the first blast .
He died in hospital three months later .
And these mixes often put users at risk .
Exactly how was something of a mystery .
The same goes for directions on the law .
A full hearing may still be months away .
An aide said that he was in good spirits .
And the campground is open year around .
But the crisis showed no sign of easing .
But it almost certainly is overstated .
If a central banker screams in a forest .
Some merchants will flat out refuse it .
Nobody wants to see people unemployed .
This often happens after the primarys .
Hope he and his millions are very happy .
Thus the need to save for a down payment .
Neither has been admitted to hospital .
Judges have little time and many cases .
Sometimes better to say nothing at all .
Rosenthal tried to change the subject .
Others can be inspired by your example .
It has been a concentrated deployment .
The details of which are confidential .
Now the conviction has been thrown out .
Strikers huddled around burn barrels .
She is just one victim among thousands .
They are also prey for other creatures .
Renovate the property or pay the fines .
They have also appealed for witnesses .
What matters is our respective skills .
Toronto had won the past five meetings .
He said the move was to shore up the team .
While dangers still exist in the world .
Building societies welcomed the move .
Just ignore what comes out of his mouth .
The six people on one side were all shot .
Expand your sphere of responsibility .
Witnesses said more had been detained .
Two weekends a month were spent on camp .
It will remain the elephant in the room .
The environmental toll is staggering .
Lengths of track were stolen for scrap .
The third muddle is the most important .
Bleeding requires emergency surgery .
Abukhater is a special correspondent .
Schools and shops in the area shut down .
She said she did not attend the meeting .
A fluffy cloud eases in front of the sun .
An accountant that favors the flat tax .
Do you want mental health reform or not .
This example is marvellously complex .
The movie is fading from area theaters .
Everyone knows what we are playing for .
We also see him competing in bike races .
Not having a schedule is disorienting .
Marcus loved you and will miss you a lot .
The club said the injury is not serious .
Its cast and theater will be announced .
Boehner will then address the chamber .
We know that sometimes mothers do kill .
My parents refused to accept the money .
This is always an interesting meeting .
It is not just throwing the rascals out .
They are like memories but in real time .
The couple had four children together .
Court dates in those cases are pending .
The family always came before cricket .
The coming winter looks set to be harsh .
It is a record of emotional attachment .
We are looking to consolidate our debt .
He takes music beyond all expectation .
Some sworn virgins bemoan the changes .
No country recognized the annexation .
The government reacted as if attacked .
Having these contractors is shameful .
Mists drifted down verdant hillsides .
His name was not immediately released .
She is pale and moves ever so carefully .
This was a failure of the entire system .
We simply do not need to eat so much meat .
There are only a handful of states left .
There are two ways of considering this .
Then he flashed an incandescent smile .
You could start your own media company .
Though five days later he had mellowed .
There is no parole from federal prison .
Yet it seemed there was no stopping her .
He said he acted in a fit of drunken rage .
And being at least mildly aroused by it .
It affects housing with foreclosures .
The government says it wants to appeal .
Rate of decline moderates nationally .
We would cast our votes by mobile phone .
A verdict is expected later this month .
Your hate for the dems has poisoned you .
Sallie has proposed a hybrid approach .
All three workers were later released .
All the questions are viewable online .
That he wants to rake him over the coals .
Oil retailers cannot do so on their own .
Zivin wound up having stents inserted .
The most obvious point is demographic .
I liked the review and will get the book .
He previously admitted manslaughter .
All these politicians play something .
It remained a secret for three decades .
It handled pretty well and braked well .
It certainly has the markets confused .
Other factors are hastening the trend .
My mother was a big fan of country music .
No hand grenade was immediately found .
He has three children by his first wife .
Your post is shamefully disengenuous .
I also belong to a book club of six women .
He was very sweet and we kept in contact .
So it will keep longer and hijack later .
Children ask lots of questions at zoos .
There was an attitude of indifference .
Send in your comments and experiences .
The greater good vs individual rights .
He will continue to act in that same way .
Ambulances rushed to and from the area .
He was an advocate of freedom after all .
The second leg will be a difficult game .
The two leaders did not take questions .
They even want to be your wedding venue .
Chicago also is dealing with injuries .
There is a lot of emotional tension now .
The shooting happened in a parking lot .
A search for his successor is under way .
It may yet lose the war for market share .
No doubt she is going to be very worried .
One school after another rejected him .
We hide it at the back of our sock drawer .
Concerned over the issue runs two ways .
Not that anyone knows when that will be .
Some might still entertain the notion .
A canine contest for drenched doggies .
But his tenure could prove tumultuous .
They should work for themselves alone .
They had expected to be allowed to stay .
There was a commercial break coming up .
One was overthrown and one was dropped .
The site has been tense in recent weeks .
The two men eventually shared the land .
Later they were moved into a farmhouse .
My boyfriend suffers from depression .
A new trial will be held early next year .
Hopefully we can get a result tomorrow .
The judges add what to the reality show .
Our doctor was totally disinterested .
The gunman also died of a gunshot wound .
She died after a long battle with lupus .
There would be political problems too .
That was a moment of some significance .
We stare onto the dark water in silence .
The top two are leadership and results .
I thought that was a horrible question .
Hope he has a great year and many to come .
Thirty eight of the pilots were killed .
They cannot even breathe without help .
But many drug kingpins remain at large .
So did people trying to find their pets .
Her lawyers say she will now do so again .
You need the empathy of a psychiatrist .
We lost a game we should never have lost .
He had also changed his last name twice .
They may have died or left the location .
It raised more questions than answers .
Taxis are widely available in the city .
Lambert is another matter altogether .
They are probably more vocal than most .
You can get almost everything cheaper .
There will be things he tries and fails .
Nazal was hit several times in the legs .
The message came across loud and clear .
Same thing happens after every tax cut .
It is not in their gift to give that away .
One subsequently had to be euthanized .
Residents were scattered far and wide .
The same thing happened to me years ago .
But it is certainly my responsibility .
To this day they are in the dark about it .
Breakfast includes organic porridge .
Combine ingredients in a mixing glass .
There is a good chance they might get it .
Here the picture is much less positive .
The university has rejected the offer .
Some of them must have something to say .
And the little girl was their daughter .
The credit markets are still stressed .
A man is now being questioned by police .
She will receive much public sympathy .
Your answers a little later in the hour .
At first it was thought she had drowned .
He has deceived those who voted for him .
The treaties were effectively torn up .
Paternity tests later disproved that .
Police would not give a crowd estimate .
Thailand deported the crew this month .
How to do both is indeed a grave problem .
It was there that he began using silver .
His palace will be turned into a museum .
The key was found in the truck ignition .
Police closed the road after the crash .
There is no plan to exterminate wolves .
But it was just as unattractive inside .
The stability plan still lacks detail .
Broader stock indicators also gained .
Hampshire will receive compensation .
He has promised to retire as army chief .
Prophets come in many sizes and shapes .
The police watchdog has been informed .
Other visitors do not need directions .
There are people in invalid carriages .
Several countries have promised help .
Others had been shooed away by an usher .
It could be available within two years .
The rest of the menu was just as playful .
The astrologer slid it out of the album .
But this battle cannot so easily be won .
Sometimes there is no reason it just is .
Presentation details are noted below .
Miller served as a justice of the peace .
Other reporters heard similar things .
He did not elaborate or give a timeline .
Many of them are risking cheeky offers .
Other airlines just have a flat charge .
The key thing is how lethal a virus is it .
One of a number of good decisions today .
Truly an inspiring and educated woman .
I did not think she had that card in play .
It was just not deemed that newsworthy .
Plenty of them talked about war though .
The explosives would be put to good use .
A breathtaking view under heavy skies .
And it started with the offensive line .
They rarely go to the other side of town .
Others are considering similar moves .
Here was an unparalleled opportunity .
It was the second strike in as many days .
No system can ever substitute for that .
She also has an intriguing background .
She is survived by three stepchildren .
His leadership inspires and empowers .
It is not an episode he wishes to repeat .
The return journey was always by night .
We walked to another bunch of trailers .
Across the town the pattern is the same .
Defence is no longer an amateur affair .
One of the knives had badger blood on it .
The gilt market may think differently .
That interception was totally rigged .
Darkness can be a contributing factor .
There were no spoilt papers in the poll .
Full flights equal full overhead bins .
I then started rifling through my desk .
And fathers have come from near and far .
He quickly became the life of the party .
She also goes on public speaking tours .
No additional structure is necessary .
Big money still fuels these campaigns .
Women may be unaware they are infected .
Avary has apologized for the accident .
But the policy hardly created any jobs .
There are many ways to divide a country .
This is not about race or voting blocks .
Two chickens seemed sufficient for me .
But she also changed her mind by the end .
Interest rates are also likely to rise .
We will come out unified and organized .
Many detectives customize their gear .
Please tell that to the tax collectors .
Paterson is a mediocre political hack .
They knew exactly which loans were bad .
This led to a rapid rise in immigration .
Nike shares fell in premarket trading .
The cause of the crash was not yet known .
Bring back free university education .
A burnt smell lingered in the building .
Video with music will be disqualified .
I want our rules instead of their rules .
The dispatcher heard the tub draining .
The rust and dust is being brushed away .
I love this column and all the comments .
You presumably need someplace to move .
Nor is the situation likely to improve .
But it almost certainly did not happen .
But in the meantime we do own our bodies .
Impressions are built on many factors .
Protein essentially develops muscle .
Corn and soybean prices rose in tandem .
Hollywood moguls have met their match .
I have done events for people like that .
This ploy involves being very voluble .
She is due to appear in court this month .
The same issues will be there tomorrow .
Violence against women is nothing new .
She withdrew the civil suits last week .
It is not recognized by the government .
Now is when it gets really interesting .
That is the elephant in the global tent .
You have to understand the supporters .
Israeli officials refused to comment .
Experiments are tried from far afield .
Recycled aggregate has only a few uses .
I got it when women did not have tattoos .
The closure lasted more than six hours .
He referred questions to the military .
It is still not known how much was taken .
Those proved to be the winning numbers .
It was unfair on the schools concerned .
There will be no political cooling off .
You have to believe and trust yourself .
One of the stones was the size of a brick .
Some of their answers may surprise you .
I can carry a hot water bottle if need be .
I will definitely have learned from it .
I enjoyed all the movies that she was in .
Pile the sweet potato mash on to a plate .
So his view on health care is backwards .
The details of this vision may be wrong .
There is always a risk in buying reruns .
The spending itself is not the problem .
It just remains to be seen in the future .
Darwin deserves every bit of the glory .
His options will probably work out too .
I fail to see the connection to the film .
Palmer endured a rough start to the day .
Pundits used to be the icing on the cake .
Their interpreter was in the back seat .
They looked at his life and philosophy .
This report is the right place to start .
Europe today is a very different place .
Police said several arrests were made .
The past five years have been hard work .
Villarreal did finish with a flourish .
Anarchy begins to look cozy and quaint .
If in any doubt call a licensed plumber .
Keep up with events as they unfold here .
Bloomberg called them inappropriate .
He also left little to the imagination .
There are two separate questions here .
This is not a quality of much modern art .
The state is appealing this ruling now .
He had no problem finding contractors .
Click here to read the full indictment .
Migraines started for me at menopause .
The fall brings a key test for churches .
Everyone agrees cheap food buys votes .
Purchases result in church donations .
The cellar had no daylight or fresh air .
The building is due to open next summer .
Moschitta is grateful for his success .
But the attention led to overexposure .
It plays right into our domestic space .
Some of your treasured honesty please .
That interview was also done last week .
Hedge funds are more like cockroaches .
We are not that close to an election yet .
Global warming is not her only concern .
A security guard was wounded in the leg .
It could be turned into a profit centre .
Other surveys showed similar results .
This equanimity is all part of the plan .
She claims it was a warning to stay away .
Bilal said he was sorry and then hung up .
What a naive president we have elected .
The government still has to be dragged .
I fell on the sidewalk and hurt my wrist .
Sloan was charged with simple battery .
Nobody seems to question this command .
I must have been dreaming or something .
Polls have showed contrasting trends .
The gamer would become the controller .
They are based on goodwill all the time .
There is no good reason for the refusal .
The wood stays on the ground for a while .
The authorities filter some websites .
The dialogue went something like this .
He remains free on unconditional bail .
Israel is quite clearly a racist state .
Circoviruses are tiny animal viruses .
He will also be the executive producer .
But then her main defendant is herself .
Police have not revealed his identity .
Ponting was without his headline acts .
Liberally season with salt and pepper .
The political process is also in limbo .
Obamas spending is becoming alarming .
It is a change the musician approves of .
It makes good soundproofing material .
You may need to take some extra time off .
It was a brief heyday for the reformers .
Approval must be sought for any change .
They released one album and were let go .
But you can really blame a lot of people .
They would undergo months of training .
Sharp questions lead to sharp answers .
A huge bill picked up by the government .
Which is something worth remembering .
He has been charged with manslaughter .
All those things are under discussion .
Drivers were advised to avoid the area .
I rub my scalp while calling to the boys .
Get some stout canes and bright fabric .
The union is well prepared for a strike .
New science may change all that one day .
It is found in fatty fish such as salmon .
They are both images of someone in pain .
Sexism is a real problem in our society .
The building had been cited for cracks .
Either would have been a breakthrough .
Technology may be part of the solution .
But he spent most of the summer cycling .
There are plenty of reasons to stay put .
It is the biggest such hunt in the world .
Now his whisky is sold across the globe .
Better than any overhyped red mittens .
The guys had to carry me out every night .
And so it is with conflicts of interest .
This reveals his admirable character .
Somebody needs to remind no joe of same .
It is always my favorite meal of the day .
The question is our capacity to meet it .
Thank you from the bottom of our hearts .
Those concerns have now found footing .
The other three were in fair condition .
Nothing other than exercise and games .
Sarkozy picked up the theme yesterday .
Akon was not present during the fracas .
Good parenting is what needs checking .
Everything here is done on generators .
Texting continues as the night begins .
The youth centre was later demolished .
Her village was one of those flattened .
There were olive branches everywhere .
The case was adjourned until tomorrow .
There are four basic actions to master .
Warren has since moved into producing .
This action is simply bailing them out .
Fertik took the company up on its offer .
Danish public radio is also available .
People are angry and they want justice .
Tuesday when it crashed into the crane .
Cancer is where all the money should go .
The sun is strong and the wind stronger .
This health care bill will change that .
When thieves try they are often caught .
They even had an audience with the pope .
The video shows the men being executed .
He denied that data had been destroyed .
They would not allow photos to be taken .
She can always put her socks in the wash .
He is not involved with the litigation .
But he saw no need for immediate action .
Here is a look at some signs of the times .
Refrigerated trucks hauled them away .
Our eyes meet and we both begin to laugh .
I have a theory about what bothers them .
The ministry did not explain the delay .
There are loonies regardless of party .
No blown assignments in the secondary .
Limits on higher premiums based on age .
Public option for health care is a must .
I asked my colleague to please hurry up .
He often gets home at midnight or later .
New requirements and new benefits for .
Neither decreased heart disease risk .
Possibly the women stayed in the shade .
Thank you for your thoughtful article .
Some other financial stocks also slid .
His six sacks ranked second on the team .
She fought valiantly and came up short .
It is almost as if he dresses in a closet .
Charges in two other cases are pending .
Next comes the question of government .
But without a great deal of conviction .
He escaped to the deck using a fire hose .
Cars will not necessarily stop for you .
He declined to say what he paid for them .
She made him laugh in a way few people do .
A second group was more multilaterist .
Now they must answer for those choices .
Obama later said the memo was a mistake .
The sound of the ego is turned well down .
All three men were wearing hooded tops .
And they look good with precisely nada .
All these trends add up to big business .
They came for the solitude and the surf .
But it proved to be a mismatch on the ice .
She seemed to be an awfully nice person .
He said airline revenue was improving .
We had inspiration from our ancestors .
Americans wont let you down is correct.
No doubt there are big savings to be had .
That put the couple behind in payments .
You are evidently a very dangerous man .
White has been a broker for seven years .
Bond prices jumped as stocks declined .
Their cameras were idle in their hands .
Newspaper reporters were not invited .
She opened the door and motioned to him .
It is for the club to make that decision .
Businesses are fleeing them in droves .
This idea might just be worth checking .
Valdez says a man and woman were killed .
But the cruise is not all doom and gloom .
The tonsillectomy anecdote was silly .
Turner also recommends little tables .
I never know where he is or who he is with .
Further action is being contemplated .
No immediate successor has been named .
The group is still a master cost cutter .
I seriously doubt that will be the case .
As soon as it was released we felt it too .
He was rarely out of touching distance .
Also on board were a pilot and a spotter .
Assessing young singers is never easy .
Her life has not been without incident .
The others came as word of mouth spread .
Free time often equates to screen time .
He added that the fighting was ongoing .
The reason for the increase is unknown .
The taxes is what irritates me the most .
It has not yet commented on the arrests .
This is transforming the entire world .
He had sniffed the wind and walked away .
We reject science and fetishize faith .
Hers was not the only harrowing escape .
Prosecutors are still investigating .
There were lavish rewards for failure .
Celebrities are just like anyone else .
Glazer edged back and forth on his bike .
Combat does terrible things to people .
But even on the walls change can be seen .
They were expected to know their place .
Results are expected during the night .
Selling rules because it fuels profit .
They were difficult to detect by radar .
Genuine is a word she uses often for him .
He made the only compassionate choice .
America is still in a state of becoming .
They must strive to achieve their goal .
There are five properties on this list .
So regard this column as an experiment .
She suffered psychological problems .
You can read the rest of the speech here .
But most of the similarities end there .
His family has asked for total privacy .
Two of her children were among the dead .
You can see him in these court sketches .
Many places have their own generators .
Most of them are not easily resolvable .
He scheduled to be face trial this fall .
War is a harsh terrain for the human ear .
Not all fans are supportive of the idea .
They have since been transferred back .
I went to see him and reported on it here .
No one can blame him for taking his time .
I must have regard to proportionality .
The new society is fluid and confusing .
Few managers consistently buy better .
But there is plenty of natural history .
This has riled more than a few liberals .
Even these twists become predictable .
Most county sides could manage better .
He was an authority on science fiction .
It is like a marathon run as a relay race .
A kumu hula commands enormous respect .
Shariah was mentioned only in passing .
I hurt my shoulder once and it hurt a lot .
The militants found out and killed him .
The system is under enormous pressure .
And they fill their children with hate .
Nvidia is a top maker of graphics chips .
May she remain this cool and collected .
And they have been remarkably popular .
Its a consistent theme in this country .
Gharawi emphatically argues the same .
Push the button and get a talking point .
He was given the polonium in a cup of tea .
Accompany with plenty of crusty bread .
This loss does not come at the best time .
You could type a word or two life them up .
He lets himself down but never the team .
You might assume that nothing happens .
Try getting involved in side projects .
I thought he was over this sort of thing .
Click here to read more about the story .
A general election must be called asap .
But both said it never went any further .
About time some newspaper got it right .
Get ready to swot up on new legislation .
They forced their way in and stole a bag .
The political winds have also shifted .
This conference is by invitation only .
The investment would pay back rapidly .
But could seem to be forgetful at times .
The roofs of some houses were blown off .
Lawmakers can hire anyone they choose .
Tsobanian manages the affairs of both .
The aid work is focused on saving lives .
A bachelor prince always draws a crowd .
Those with money hurry to their hotels .
There better be a strong public option .
The cause is still being investigated .
Whatever was done was highly informal .
This gave him the kind of life he wanted .
Leviev regards this as a pilot project .
He died before he reached the hospital .
Medical information is confidential .
Obama sent a clear message to the world .
Parliament is now deluged by new bills .
There is destiny and there is free will .
I just wish the budget ran to a live band .
Those injuries would not heal quickly .
The price of electricity was climbing .
The five men wrestled him to the ground .
People began to talk about stammering .
Control is surrendered to the commons .
Her testing confirmed their symptoms .
Students check in on a voluntary basis .
Violence was blamed on demonstrators .
The owner could face criminal charges .
But there was never any bail set for her .
The pieces and the players are in place .
It was as if she were hiding in the trees .
Her story is not particularly unusual .
But now is not the time to be complacent .
The recount is expected to take a month .
It also leaves the reader wanting more .
Supporting families is a moral choice .
A collapsing economy could destroy it .
Burton did plenty of sweating himself .
The numbers for minorities were worse .
Everyone has the right to a secret vote .
The man writhing on the ground is black .
These days that does not count for much .
Airlines are inevitably battered too .
People trip and fall on steps every day .
None interacted with local residents .
Second is his rapport with the players .
Redo it with a smart bipartisen effort .
Two other investigations are pending .
Who know how that would have played out .
Even the birds in his garden lived well .
Truth in politics is so rare these days .
And even that danger has dwindled fast .
This is something that we actually saw .
Mars has appealed to the supreme court .
The problem is that this is all they are .
Their birth in the cellar kept her sane .
The brand will also continue to be used .
Snowball has found his permanent home .
We are optimistic there will be a trial .
The jury returned a unanimous verdict .
Details could be found on the internet .
You never want to wake a sleeping giant .
Many families want to cut burial costs .
This guy has zero tolerance for losing .
That decision is far from the last word .
The woman was not immediately charged .
A severe deficiency can cause rickets .
Florence was my destination of choice .
But many of the warnings were rebuffed .
The case remains officially unsolved .
Lawmakers failed to override the veto .
The details would work themselves out .
But many feel an apology is over the top .
Oxycodone is a generic form of the drug .
No word yet how much money was in the bag .
My respect for him came up a notch or two .
Richardson has nothing to do but frown .
In part because they were vegetarians .
Ritual is the spark that must not go out .
Snowboarders have to be too cool to win .
People are flat out losing their homes .
Capita falls into the second category .
They know they will get another chance .
She said she did not regret what she did .
The bread is a delicacy in its own right .
The hubris and cynicism is incredible .
You just purchased a popsicle mansion .
Nothing is left to be learnt here for me .
Police have no suspects in his slaying .
Obama has no control of his white house .
Both trainers obviously love animals .
Further deterioration is inevitable .
The biggest gains have come on defense .
Others said the risks were not worth it .
Local governments need to be educated .
Explosions and gunfire could be heard .
But some troubling signs are emerging .
That version suggests it was a car bomb .
Toyota plans to cover all repair costs .
The other big question mark is privacy .
I myself wrote one about it a while back .
I now realise the money is a mere detail .
A squeaky clean credit rating can help .
Han said he is baffled by developments .
Operating expenses are on own vessels .
Congress should pass it without delay .
A ruling on bail is expected next month .
Mostaghim is a special correspondent .
Swings swing and roundabouts go round .
The security forces went on high alert .
I felt the book was almost talking to me .
What you are doing is really wonderful .
His thinking remains unconventional .
Friends said he was devoted to his wife .
But the company had a positive outlook .
And so we try and keep our heads about us .
The digging machine suddenly stopped .
The incident was peacefully resolved .
Broader stock indicators were higher .
The public option is dead this morning .
They were steeped in that type of music .
There is overwhelming support for her .
Wells did not admit to the allegations .
He searches for his own version of this .
People should be more supportive of us .
So their overlap in time is undeniable .
He was wearing a black jacket and jeans .
One of those possibilities is to try to .
It is a means to outcharge the investor .
But federal authorities say there was .
This gave him his photographic memory .
But that test is not always conclusive .
Kroft was just another stop on the tour .
It has been an unnecessary loss of life .
Greenspan knew he was in for a tough day .
In fact they are often eager to share it .
These things are easier said than done .
The only solution was to own a business .
Then they took all of us into the forest .
People who spoke a different language .
The halftime break was only a reprieve .
He is one of the very emotional lifters .
It seemed as good a place as any to start .
Below is an excerpt from the interview .
Others forecast it is coming next year .
Their resolve must be our inspiration .
It can be built around an existing home .
Smaller banks are only half a solution .
Life in jail is about what she deserves .
Saving banks is an inglorious pursuit .
This material refracts visible light .
The artists took no fees for their time .
No telephone replay will be available.
He was purely relating it to the injury .
They hoped we would give them some food .
But orthorexia can really hurt people .
She is well known for speaking her mind .
Experience will count for everything .
Especially in lieu of its replacement .
Hard enough for any small businessman .
Supporters said he was later released .
Mourinho is still ferrety and slender .
Where the money went remains a mystery .
Then afterwards it gets mixed in a room .
Forecasters say more rain is on the way .
He was later cleared of all wrongdoing .
Hannah dreams of working in the movies .
Iran says it would hit back if attacked .
The city has more bicycles than people .
Politicians simply do not understand .
He and four colleagues lost their jobs .
We might see two or three movies in a row .
But the mountains pose a threat to many .
We are being used as a bargain basement .
No classes are being offered this fall .
The west stood for money and influence .
French culture needs to find its niche .
And it might as well be a shoulder shrug .
If that were to happen all would be well .
This qualified the bank for a discount .
Then maybe you should buy a dictionary .
Hamid will be sentenced at a later date .
She was assassinated in a later attack .
Museum endorsements encourage sales .
I have been dying to see thier late mode .
Pirate radio has never been less loved .
So much for virtue being its own reward .
Yao has said he hopes to be ready in time .
She also faces six months of probation .
Azinger predicted a battle to the last .
Season and sprinkle on extra parmesan .
A couple took turns waving a white flag .
Godman converted from under the posts .
Will turns to find his partner glaring .
The sky opened for a torrential shower .
Several area schools were locked down .
The streak is something he can control .
Spending liberally can feel unseemly .
He was one of the few with a marked grave .
But its pool of workers is not that deep .
They have nothing to offer on the issue .
He did not say what their condition was .
My teenager is way more mature than you .
This is a moronic way of doing business .
He detests disruptions and sideshows .
They are paid a pittance for their work .
I told him he would be ahead of his peers .
They were already a study in contrasts .
Tires of four vehicles were punctured .
Calls to the service are confidential .
He said that was a sign of things to come .
His shaking hands tell their own story .
But the turnabout must have been large .
But the recovery remains very fragile .
Rio has said the four did nothing wrong .
Once there a car is scarcely necessary .
Cohen was indicted the following year .
Fully funded ones must teach it in full .
It seems to have worked for him thus far .
Nothing is going to be the same anymore .
One day she had to call the police on him .
That should give him further momentum .
Other travelers got stranded on roads .
That still leaves the problem of scale .
Obama govt really cares about the poor .
Such is the paranoia of dictatorships .
We can only hope the accusation is true .
Hodge faces up to three years in prison .
Staff and clients are being consulted .
Perhaps the process has finally begun .
She faces a similar possible sentence .
Just let the crowd have a beer and a chat .
That was not mere smoke at the deadline .
Almost everybody would agree with him .
There was no agent at the station to ask .
Not that this is putting off the makers .
The other positive is the area of costs .
He said he would be the lead prosecutor .
Franzese corroborates their stories .
Downstream is facing some tough times .
Lots of things build character in life .
They know that their days are numbered .
So give your attention to someone else .
Kiki died of a gunshot wound to the head .
Uribe has so far rejected any such zone .
Brady said the man was wearing a helmet .
Some bring cats or dogs into the family .
But many fundamental problems remain .
The noises are mainly courtship calls .
I have someone down in front of my house .
Call it the power of negative thinking .
I am not here for any political reasons .
Other marks were also found on his neck .
Parasitic would be a lot more accurate .
Prarie dogs escape within ten minutes .
He has missed three consecutive games .
Afganistan is an unwinnable quagmire .
Then the insurgents melted away again .
Your recently became a platinum blond .
This results in soaring overall costs .
Many have abandoned shattered houses .
Subsequent speakers got down to cases .
You have to condemn pointless killing .
The price of the deal was not announced .
But many unanswered questions remain .
It did not say when the talks took place .
Dozens of businesses are benefitting .
The temperature is rising everywhere .
Authorities did not release any names .
It dates to the second or third century .
He takes these things very personally .
Usually there is a good guy and a bad guy .
Yet all she has received is punishment .
That is what you need to concentrate on .
Now those libraries could be searched .
Do your homework and bring a guidebook .
I have watched every year it has been on .
Excess anger will increase heart risk .
This is what caused the current crisis .
Stardust is harder to come by than that .
And celluloid heroes never really die .
But the area is no stranger to wildfire .
The living room has a wooden fireplace .
I turn round and cannot believe my eyes .
We understand that and we get on with it .
There really is nothing to the cottage .
People of all swaths working together .
You spend years chasing the right song .
The proposal did not emerge unscathed .
He plows with oxen and harvests by hand .
But it could be a very smart ploy indeed .
Humans should never feed wild animals .
Yet pats on the back would be premature .
I was angry and went and withdrew it all .
They will test businesses to the limit .
There have been some notable missteps .
The drag effect on the car is not marked .
Glencore is also said to be supportive .
There was also husky sledging on offer .
Knowing the numbers improves the odds .
But it faced challenges in the process .
He said the troops faced no resistance .
The famous blue stone now stands alone .
Operating profits are actually ahead.
Jesus comes to earth to redeem sinners .
The murderers had no fear of the police .
Those without children can be jealous .
I completely agree with frustratedsr .
They are the comedy of identification .
I completely agree with the first post .
The music stops and everything is dark .
Vedanta has rejected the allegations .
The two images matched point for point .
She highlighted areas of cooperation .
Erin was arrested shortly afterwards .
The scarcity is good business for some .
The attackers are yet to be identified .
Three computer screens sit on the desk .
Payday lenders have also played a role .
We came along at exactly the right time .
But a related topic could be hilarious .
Nothing this scumbag does is a suprise .
The gift of giving is far more precious .
Rail would be a lot quicker and cheaper .
Patience is usually the best strategy .
Everybody who speaks it has input to it .
No matter that there were only two of us .
Cover with fresh cloth and wrap in foil .
But it was also a clash of philosophies .
It seems to be a mostly male phenomenon .
She encourages her staff to do the same .
To think that we can do that now is great .
Finding witnesses proved a challenge .
But a coward was he through and through .
All my memories are stupidly romantic .
He talks about war and the environment .
A fresh election is expected next term .
We go back to the second police station .
It is too early to be sure they are right .
The doctors were suspended last month .
Toss in a large mixing bowl with frisee .
One outdoor parking space is included .
Elections to the senate are staggered .
The journey has been by no means smooth .
He said vaccinations would start soon .
I agree with everything you said above .
A rocky marriage could become rockier .
It gave up weapons of mass destruction .
Mosque guards then killed the shooter .
Suggestions from readers are welcome .
I hope we learn today how large they are .
Sidewalks were empty by early evening .
It is a downhill run and it spares no one .
The rest is caused by other pollutants .
He was not connected with the research .
Huge pillars and struts tower upwards .
Venezuela is headed in this direction .
But the wind tilted smoke into his path .
It was not possible to verify his claim .
Relocation is the main campaign issue .
Moyes has never known anything like it .
Picture books are being marginalised .
The paint smudges and runs down her leg .
All that bright color is a death shroud .
They could not be more different films .
Fears grow about an economic meltdown .
He raped her and ran away from his crime .
One cannot push the comparison too far .
That could be good news for innovation .
There are much bigger issues out there .
These would be reasonable things to do .
Thank you for sharing your them with us .
Politicians tend not to speak this way .
Remove from the heat and allow cooling .
He did not return after the first delay .
A great magician might keep it in a cage .
This process has already been started .
The man remains in a serious condition .
Taylor and other groups knew the risks .
You cannot leave without doing the job .
A classic prodigal son story followed .
And it feels like only half the picture.
Any annual income and profit are taxed .
I will do that sort of thing eventually .
The negotiations have been finalised .
With no solid evidence they were let go .
The men mark the spot with a green stone .
Look at it like this you poor ditto head .
The inquiry was due to start next month .
The statute of limitations had run out .
Stand back and see the broader picture .
Economic growth requires innovation .
He defended switching the side around .
Hold conversations on current events .
It is human nature writ large and small .
Yet it is wrong to blame the north alone .
This is a totally debilitating system .
They removed eight boxes of documents .
She is accused of killing her roommate .
This is interesting for a storyteller .
Their septic tank is pumped regularly .
The news release informs us otherwise .
I was treated almost as a guest of honor .
Her handshake is strong and confident .
Eventually you will choke on your lies .
His pillion was not seriously injured .
The dollar is seen as a safe investment .
But with every upside comes a down side .
Several accidents had occurred there .
His hefty lead is widely acknowledged .
Witnesses are urged to contact police .
You crave today what you had yesterday .
Thats what did him in and he deserved it .
Fascinated by a behind the scenes tour .
It is so deep it has become unconscious .
That would be an historic achievement .
There were other lessons to be learned .
Even efforts to prop up the bank hurt it .
Any success is treated with suspicion .
The ad gave a telephone contact number .
Medicaid is designed as a partnership .
But then came a remarkable turnaround .
We have definitely got to attack early .
Many readers share your astonishment .
He was wearing jeans and a black jumper .
But that should have surprised nobody .
The garden opens for tours twice a year .
But pension experts are not convinced .
Look where partisanship is getting us .
It was about the only time he struggled .
Mayoral elections are also being held .
Prisoners are treated with kid gloves .
It looked as if a rout were in the making .
Just plug her name into a search engine .
They appear to have such a lot in common .
State politics also have played a role .
My stomach clenched as we touched down .
Seven people were arrested and bailed .
When he gets himself straightened out .
Olivieri said the motive was not known .
It is difficult to explain exactly why .
And she is not alone in her frustration .
But the people screamed loud and clear .
The condition is not straightforward .
Crampons are essential on the blue ice .
Women were also more held back than men .
It was sad at times but joyful at others .
Kent just wanted a chance to see his son .
We as a nation need everyone who is here .
I think it has brought a lot of people in .
The arguments pro and con are familiar .
It was not clear when the video was made .
I had to wear a ski parka inside my house .
Reality is made up of different layers .
Nuon said it was considering an appeal .
The liberals seem to be enjoying it too .
That aura is increasingly terrifying .
No injuries were reported at the plant .
He pauses and looks a little sceptical .
Michoacan is a key front in the drug war .
We have a better chance after this week .
But the basic relationship is the same .
Banks have their own capital problems .
But in reality it feels quite ordinary .
It is a similar story with the suspects .
Fess was a kind and gentle business man .
It no longer matters that she denies it .
At present registration is voluntary .
To remove toxins slather on a clay mask .
You may well ask what that was all about .
Then you never have anything personal .
Apologies after the fact mean nothing .
We think her smile makes her complicit .
The news media are looking for trouble .
The ward is not accepting new patients .
The elections took place as scheduled .
Farrell has never managed at any level .
They might not want to be so dismissive .
The economy is a convenient scapegoat .
Both decisions had the desired effect .
This discussion provides an overview .
Around one in ten reactions is serious .
A selection of comments appears below .
But inflation is expected to increase .
Or at least give it a hell of a good scare .
But the answer may be a long time coming .
Reaction to the pieces has been varied .
Lay the bananas on top in a single layer .
Olmert has denied all the allegations .
But the criminal case lacked a witness .
Good work by some very talented people .
Of diabetes and struggles with weight .
Russians did a lot of good things for us .
I had never seen this much hair up close .
I have romantic feelings about things .
Yet they all failed to gain protection .
There were just so many clots to remove .
If not the right place for you is prison .
The reports did not say when he arrived .
Have no interest in tennis whatsoever .
Only a few have built respected brands .
It was the right place at the right time .
Both parties are acting like children .
After the storm there is still no power .
It should not be mistaken for softness .
Steward makes do with his balky marker .
Without doubt it was a real team effort .
Nothing much is happening on the pitch .
Sea conditions were described as calm .
Some of the properties have lost value .
Symes was released after seven months .
None of the chimps responded in any way .
Get recommendations from real people .
I got to know some of his battle buddies .
Today he keeps a low profile in the camp .
People are going about their business .
I have always feared meeting my son too .
He faces life behind bars if convicted .
The nationality is not yet determined .
And then the doctor was just so excited .
Many more were forced from their homes .
He was a great songwriter and lyricist .
Religion should not control our lives .
The awards are decided by viewer votes .
Please select one of the options above .
There is no doubt she was a good teacher .
Mitchell said regarding the spending .
They would carry a special report on it .
Lee did not make comments to reporters .
Nobody has seen such firepower before .
The system is expected to boost safety .
That is a charge both governments deny .
They are between a rock and a hard place .
He faces up to life in jail if convicted .
But he later tried to withdraw the plea .
He will turn his hand to something else .
Only for him to have done the same thing .
He worried the show would be in trouble .
Treatment programs are understaffed .
The whole country would disintegrate .
He found his expressive style quickly .
All those accused deny any wrongdoing .
If you want something better pay for it .
That should be the thrust of our policy .
Dont take myself or life too seriously .
We feel deep regret and sorrow about it .
An obvious motivating factor is price .
He smiled and said he was a priest first .
The league supported the legislation .
The first gunfire rang out before dawn .
The jury returned a verdict of suicide .
Secret addresses from stylish people .
A search began soon after the shooting .
Our party got away from its principles .
They were amazing in their dedication .
One of the sarcophagi was still sealed .
But parts of the evaluation were vague .
Wearing a mask will protect me from flu .
Three principles should guide reform .
Hernandez said all those shot were men .
The sound was like terrible drumbeats .
Our political election is already won .
See how the stars spend their downtime .
Exoplanet seems to be near immolation .
Family breakdown was a common problem .
Thousands of others have disappeared .
Even more memorable was the guy he beat .
They will not necessarily be approved .
Even luxury stores are cutting prices .
So that has always been part of the plan .
Greek labor unions responded angrily .
He ran a ruby mine and made investments .
Initial reports say the gunman is dead .
He needs to seize the atonement moment .
He always has a little right on his side .
Somehow we have got to try to do it again .
Everything in our lives seemed normal .
The poll suggests those consequences .
She clearly did not need telling twice .
Olympus said it saw growth in the field .
So that kind of thing kind of bothers me .
There are several reasons for pruning .
Everyone should be saying this prayer .
I imagine the same would go for alpines .
Accruing so many powers carries risks .
This is what most of them do for a living .
They got a discount for settling early .
Things began to go wrong from the start .
Perfectly round things are ornaments .
I needed someone to help me get dressed .
Police said they found no suicide note .
The portfolio was unable to subscribe .
The paparazzi had refused to take part .
Since then matters have only got worse .
Some car companies are no less unhappy .
And never cover up any health problems .
And now she and her husband want a third .
Musk says that will be fixed next month .
He is constantly surrounded by family .
Alexander denied that he ever sold sex .
They urged motorists to stay off roads .
Her mother was seated in the middle row .
It already seems a vision of the future .
It all depends on the resort you choose .
They are especially relevant just now .
Tiffany is particularly good for this .
They were flying out to visit their son .
She has been around prison all her life .
I think he may have carried that injury .
The recovery effort is just beginning .
My life before the jungle was very busy .
He declined to give any growth targets .
Her life should never have come to this .
Fighting a war that seems to have no end .
It may not have been a watershed moment .
Some allow you to bring your own drinks .
His hands and feet were red and swollen .
But other aides dismissed those ideas .
Greek bond prices also fell as a result .
It reminds me of the high beam at school .
The public have become sick of sly acts .
So not much of an improvement after all .
Soon he was dating other male students .
One woman said she would be a fair juror .
And practically doubles as body armor .
Suzuki followed with his third single .
Filming is expected to start next year .
Christian lawmakers oppose the issue .
Chang tells him to stay away and leaves .
Time will tell how all this is received .
Even a broken clock is right twice a day .
It seemed like so much indoctrination .
Student had different levels of sleep .
So interrogation is absolutely vital .
She had scribbled out both their faces .
Petraeus offers a sort of punctuation .
Magnusson lost her cell phone service .
The stronger makes slave of the weaker .
But it was a painful first half for them .
Get down or tune in to cheer everyone on .
Shops were under repair for reopening .
But these stories have a silver lining .
Obama has yet to announce a new nominee .
The photos do not provide much of a clue .
Small schools are also more expensive .
I received one letter every six months .
That was not how they were interpreted .
That must be the priority of investors .
Other firms are moving into the market .
Pour the syrup over the fruit and chill .
We are possessed by the homes we live in .
But that is far from being the end of the .
We get to the bottom of many little bags .
More than a few seats are falling apart .
Twain answers with a powerful example .
Flowers have been left at the property .
That should be the least of his worries .
Police would not comment on the report .
Lawmakers are not the only ones on edge .
Langone was not available for comment .
She would then have the right to appeal .
Murray has his nose in front once again .
Urban schools have made less progress .
This is not a fit and proper government .
It operates around the clock every day .
Data continues to show a mixed picture .
It risks minimising our influence and .
Put the pineapple on the base of a plate .
Maybe we should have started with that .
Police declined to comment on the case .
I am not sure what is pork and what is not .
The message was hardly a confident one .
But the election is just the beginning .
The bug causes diarrhoea and vomiting .
Hotels and hostels are also plentiful .
Nor is it solving them when they are bad .
All comments are valid and compelling .
Expectations will be higher in future .
It was the fifth increase in six months .
The second would be to sell securities .
These things are worth thinking about .
Movies are surprisingly easy to watch .
That is why my life hangs in the balance .
Britain faces sequential recessions .
Some have considered the moves unfair .
He remembers his time on the frontline .
You can make it sound very grand indeed .
It has not yet reported contributions .
Both amount to bringing home the bacon .
Cost about a penny to recharge my phone .
The difference in cleaning was slight .
Losing the bag was frustrating enough .
Two reader suggestions opened my eyes .
I look at it as a failure of individuals .
Some breeds need more care than others .
This country is obsessed with secrecy .
A preliminary hearing began this week .
A number of roads are currently closed .
And that could be on a commercial scale .
I have nothing to add to the discussion .
So that deficit reduction is key there .
Police later said he had been arrested .
Strain into martini glass and garnish .
State legislators thought otherwise .
The election was over seven months ago .
We plunge in then race out to do it again .
Suits were the core of this collection .
The nonaligned movement came up again .
This is not a game that can go on for ever .
Oliver declined to comment on the case .
But he said it is not as large as it seems .
Club members are admitted at no charge .
Americans see sport as entertainment .
He is serving three years of probation .
There are pathways and bays to explore .
People say good morning when they pass .
Villegas had four birdies on each side .
It would be nice to know it all right now .
She was too distraught to give her name .
And several recurring themes emerged .
Radicals should seize the initiative .
I enjoy the responsibility he gives me .
He declined comment after the hearing .
The content ambitions do not end there .
But some are incapable of contentment .
Paramotoring is an unlicensed thrill .
They were the result of poor defending .
Perhaps we adults are simply in denial .
I must embrace common sense and wiring .
Results of the probe are due next month .
A month went by and my bills kept coming .
Thomas is expected to clean up the mess .
Live a life worthy of their sacrifices .
But the dollar slipped against the yen .
This was his last big field expedition .
It became a bottomless pit of spending .
American companies were calling less .
She smiled and laughed with the others .
The signs are promising but not proven .
When others caved into fear mongering .
It would depend on the artist and album .
Bank shares will be exchanged for cash.
Thousands more will be dead or wounded .
Fifteen other people were also killed .
We need straight talk and real numbers .
She contradicts queens to their faces .
But standout performing saved the day .
Sports titles are the biggest sellers .
Further deep analysis is not required .
But they are already feeling pressure .
Your father was a computer programmer .
His productivity is just astonishing .
The movie opened at a disappointing no .
He then held serve to take the first set .
But the warning has now been withdrawn .
Although they do have things in common .
I think it will be a very difficult game .
Some of our memory can play tricks on us .
We see several years of rolling crises .
A vigil is being planned for this month .
The words have a permanence on the page .
Training was suspended indefinitely .
Meanwhile the true risks are mounting .
The days of easy picks appear to be over .
About half of recipients are children .
The lack of curiosity is mind boggling .
Can you imagine the look on their faces .
He was a week shy of his second birthday .
London makes no sense on so many levels .
Use an remote earpiece and microphone .
He is wearing a brace during practices .
There are no plans to fill the position .
Detroit looked in control at the start .
And that means lower happiness scores .
This would be wonderful if it were true .
Serve each topped with the prune sauce .
Birdsong recordings are used as a lure .
Live animals are scarce and expensive .
East took the ace and shifted to a heart .
The interview ended with him a free man .
Police said they were wearing helmets .
He mentioned his wife by name only once .
His comments this week were dangerous .
But a few are taking it to the next level .
It was not clear whether they survived .
This may have been the best of the bunch .
First of all your comment is insulting .
I can just carry a device around with me .
We tend to put it down to a moral failing .
But that would make this a rum old world .
The newspaper suspended publication .
Patriots enlist to safeguard our flag .
Today is the deadline to pay your taxes .
They presented two sheep to the family .
Voluntary evacuations were underway .
Patel did not testify during his trial .
Even judges say that they are becoming .
But it also can be lonely and isolating .
Most liberals are too cowardly to join .
He spent all his money for the expenses .
It did not have a housing policy as such .
He said there were two other attackers .
It retains a small stake in the company .
You felt shy and it made you feel less so .
Everything changed in the second half .
It can be used with multiple receivers .
I believe this question is meaningful .
Only the miscreants in society hate us .
I have no need for our prez to ask it of me .
There should be dancing in the streets .
But he was hardly in the mood to rub it in .
Ballerinas made faces behind his back .
I look forward to reading it every week .
Engaged with three hellfire missiles .
They may now toss and turn a little more .
The price for that could be horrendous .
Jackson has never coached at any level .
It is on its third prime minister since .
Many are married to men in the military .
Some schools can turn a student around .
She also compared herself to a lioness .
I think this is all open to negotiation .
She did not speak to waiting reporters .
An indictment is merely an accusation .
Doctors were not able to save her fetus .
People knew more or less what to expect .
Even decades ago it tilted downstream .
But the calculus can grow complicated .
He wanted to see his employees succeed .
A weak job market hurt sales last month .
He told me to run down and get one of them .
I will not listen or buy any of her music .
You could see an analogy in maple trees .
The hall is small for such a large house .
She had been divorced for over a decade .
They took care of most of the setting up .
Every neighborhood should be so lucky .
Most feedback so far had been positive .
He is a fictional character from a book .
The death of a loved one is always a blow .
Both fighters have something to prove .
Eventually a pair of customers arrive .
I had to do a doubletake myself at first .
And they point to a troubling prospect .
Twenty years of hard work have paid off .
The value of the deal was not disclosed .
Shareholders benefited accordingly .
Looking forward to his first birthday .
Such women are not necessarily skinny .
Salary commensurate with experience.
I believe overpopulation is a problem .
It could easily have gone the other way .
Some of these survivors talked anyway .
It was not the slightest surprise to me .
The anecdotal evidence is everywhere .
The vaccine in the shot has been killed .
Our differences soon became apparent .
Here are excerpts from their comments .
You just have to look how far it has come .
Both are signs that times have changed .
Thank you for this informative report.
It was a good way to open the tournament .
The first beast to back off is the loser .
But the film is slapdash on a core issue .
Newberg never showed up for the flight .
It has been more a question of judgment .
Half of those were about waiting times .
Oh what a boon for the jewelry industry .
A government minister permitted this .
The windows blew out of the living room .
You can allow the whole thing to recede .
Audio of the address is available here .
Lies and subversion from top to bottom .
People have to consider other options .
We have fairly positive reaction to it .
It is because they lived that much more .
Please oblige him in one way or another .
That is because of the way he was caught .
Oil extended its slide into a third day .
Americans have become the terrorists .
She rolled up her sign and left the spot .
He has never asked for a single earmark .
But there was no bunker mentality here .
Once in the studio the work would begin .
But be extra vigilant on uneven ground .
Domestic passenger numbers crumpled .
But his lapse did not come in isolation .
They assembled a considerable empire .
This was like a funeral without the fun .
Hamilton is driving this ship already .
Miami is a very fashion conscious town .
It said the exact quantity is not known .
The number of announcers also dropped .
It did not identify the other employee .
Our banking system was never national .
These are debates of vital importance .
So conservation is becoming critical .
Eagerly they turned out their pockets .
Surely there are ways to estimate this .
The concept of a fatwa is contemptable .
His family and friends were by his side .
Majid is allowed to appeal the verdict .
The government has completed its tour .
We have responsibilities as a company .
The names of the programs tell the tale .
He will serve as chairman for two years.
This starstruck fatalism is mistaken .
He was no longer a man accused of a crime .
I lay still and breathed through fears .
Waller is hoping he can change all that .
No one knows if this bias has been fixed .
Mostly the abyss creaks open in the car .
She has many side effects from the drug .
Mass college sports cross class lines .
There is a connection there somewhere .
The dress code was as skewed as the mood .
And a chance to win a competition prize .
We find out in our exclusive interview .
Age discrimination is underreported .
It was a good two weeks for the coolists .
And there may well be a bubbly parallel .
Smith said he is skeptical of the story .
She said she woke up hungry most nights .
He duly killed off the religious issue .
Even mentioning that to him upsets him .
Vietnam has already tightened credit .
Take some responsibility and control .
All we see are crimes against humanity .
It was nearly the last possible moment .
His parents both worked in the theatre .
Six other defendants were added later .
That makes it hard to blend into a crowd .
A dozen police cars blocked the street .
See nine more ways your job will change .
Rabies and other lyssavirus diseases .
But maybe such risks are worth running .
I still fear for my husband who is alone .
At heart it is a brilliant examination .
A hundred miles an hour is sustainable .
An announcement is expected this week .
For me it was two years into my marriage .
Keith was aware that he was going to die .
But the recession has hit the city hard .
They have long been a source of concern .
Human beings are endlessly inventive .
Who needs art when you have a building l .
Asian stocks also closed sharply down .
It was the perfect excuse to pick up one .
Romankow says autopsies are under way .
But they reconsidered after protests .
His stroke turned out to have been real .
There was simply no other explanation .
It is now part of the tapestry of my life .
Morgue officials confirmed his death .
Human nature is often the main culprit .
Two of the children were hospitalized .
Police have said very little publicly .
Perhaps by then he gets his act in order .
Some days they hardly bother her at all .
Palin has a perfect right to take him on .
It was a lot easier than paper training .
Ballard was sometimes controversial .
In such situations alienation sets in .
But at least of not humiliating myself .
Children were in the cinema at the time .
Then they let the food speak for itself .
The online card is exclusively online .
I wanted to say to whoever read the book .
He said it appears to be a failed attack .
And of course he switched on the lights .
That was a moment that shaped the event .
But they were also singing about faith .
The officers were in stable condition .
Bush says he will join a new global pact .
Bosnia is not about to slide back to war .
It is time they spoke up for themselves .
He will be a free agent after the season .
The scale of these repairs is daunting .
The reimbursements include interest .
The coupon is required for redemption .
And his insurance would cover the cost .
Your just naive and easily influenced .
She apparently died of a drug overdose .
She died from her injuries at the scene .
It might have been presented anywhere .
Final results have yet to be published .
But the studio could not find a partner .
An indictment is merely an accusation .
Relax and enjoy the ride with your kids .
He also improved his dialysis machine .
They can also be used singly or in pairs .
The two pilots on board ejected safely .
They were the only ones to fail the test .
But the journalists were split over it .
Proving a such a negative is never easy .
That had not been reported previously .
We have to wipe their udders every time .
The scope of the probe has been unclear .
Kingston right now is a good place to be .
Imagine if this guy becomes president .
Might make for an interesting morning .
I have never missed a payment in my life .
Inez has no substance and nothing to do .
Cheney is a typical reactionary bully .
Make yourself comfortable by the pool .
But there are more parts to it than that .
So he stated on more than one interview .
Their only way is to obstruct and whine .
He should be a lot more forward for this .
This inconvenience comes with the job .
No charges had been filed in that probe .
About time someone enforced the rules .
That experience does not come cheaply .
The terms of the deal are not disclosed .
The man who died is yet to be identified .
Five firefighters had minor injuries .
Justice is a slippery concept in sport .
Men and teenage boys were slaughtered .
I can still summon up my campfire songs .
The parents gazed on in rapt adoration .
That appeal is due to be heard next year .
The portfolio remains of high quality .
He struck with only his fifth delivery .
The boy considered his illegal mother .
Releasing him was the only real option .
We have our options also in this regard .
All that mattered was the home run race .
And now the funeral business is buried .
Now she hopes never to leave our street .
The night is finally winding to a close .
He sees it as a contract with the public .
Obama cannot be given a clean chit here .
More than a thousand films are peddled .
It is a crucial and essential lifeline .
I guess there was too much bush bashing .
Many will leave the country if they can .
They began by making things they loved .
She never informed them of the problem .
He was done in by an ugly smear campaign .
Scopes may be instructive here as well .
But this crap catharsis has changed me .
Science for the most part is value free .
Then her voice trails off into silence .
Thanks for the thoughtful commentary .
Writing down loans is a tough business .
Tyree was not speaking with hyperbole .
Going too far downmarket may kill them .
We are all frightened of the skinheads .
They could smell alcohol on his breath .
Desserts were the best part of the meal .
I worked hard in college and graduated .
The audience has written the epilogue .
Experts have their favorite programs .
Gates has threatened to sue the police .
Then we can all stop arguing and go home .
But its reputation has been tarnished .
It comes down to a matter of investment .
Simon pays by the hundredweight or ton .
You may thinks this is a negative thing .
European researchers have some clues .
Some revelers assumed he was a bouncer .
It would be easier to wear it than eat it .
I started following the forum threads .
There is a threshold and it is a high one .
No illnesses have been tied to the meat .
We want to see your pictures and videos .
He says much the same as he said earlier .
Grace and her twins are resting at home .
Some kind of drastic action was needed .
He was too far away in my opinion though .
A microgram represents a trace amount .
We should prescribe them some statins .
I am a merry widow ready to have some fun .
Just anything big enough to open a vein .
Its rarity makes it feel like a miracle .
It is the flash of a firefly in the night .
Twelve others fell ill in the outbreak .
All major airlines offer this service .
Calories in are not the entire problem .
Macdonald has this effect on everyone .
Smith was converted by the experience .
Gordon is typical of many transplants .
The childless care about children too .
A friend of mine asked me to invest in it .
The pig converted before he was killed .
I work for a medical insurance company .
Holes were worn in the linoleum floors .
Then it was delayed again and now again .
Police are now searching for suspects .
The nation will have shied at the fence .
The cycle continued for six long years .
There are three critical differences .
We are in the midst of a political movie .
Companies are firing fewer employees .
Official forecasts can barely keep up .
At least he was drinking a quality beer .
A media which was beautifully written .
They stitch up wounds and remove cysts .
Israel has responded with air strikes .
Now the two families have forged a bond .
But yesterday there was zero response .
None of the cash or drugs was recovered .
He drove off after seeing pedestrians .
Each song is prefaced by a brief advert .
Someone has to stop this stupidity now .
Whatever film was left in stores was it .
Jackie is what they call an ambassador .
Most of you are just paranoid rednecks .
All had something of interest to offer .
We do it without opposition sometimes .
The problems of this country be damned .
Turnesa is part of a famous golf family .
Essays like this are an embarrassment .
But what happened next was incredible .
I thought he spoke well and spoke sense .
Now she stands beside them at practice .
The case could be heard early next term .
It should come without harming anyone .
Being afraid of someone is not repsect .
Investment is pouring into wind power .
The apartment sleeps up to four people .
It is not known if there are casualties .
He received a passport four days later .
And they bring it to you without asking .
Nor will there be orchestrated cheers .
They would accept a wide array of cards .
I moved back to my side of the subway car .
Psychiatric issues play a big part too .
The club are due at the high court today .
Environmentalism is a mental disease .
He will still be allowed to attend mass .
Who wants a pet that looks at you as food .
Health coverage is vital for students .
Russians threaten an adoption freeze .
He replies that he will be happy to do so .
I assume it is an inside job of some kind .
A pile of brass knuckles and nunchucks .
All living beings are dynamic systems .
Her mother taught her to read and write .
She was found not guilty at the retrial .
This keeps you from looking unpopular .
I knew he was just incredibly talented .
Many of his students became champions .
I am very glad that these times are over .
I really thought we might have lost him .
Healthy meals are not an afterthought .
But music is the lifeblood of this city .
He repeated that he had nothing to hide.
Submit your guesses in comments below .
Further negative surprises lie ahead .
His grades of last night are laughable .
Just remarkably hard to fix sometimes .
It has been working every summer since .
Nor is this likely to be the last buyout .
It is a call he will be unwilling to make .
Go ahead and make like you own the place .
Her usual customers buy them by the box .
It is fair to say that the pressure is on .
The tone in the car was not at all somber .
There is also a more practical release .
The firm is expected to reap a windfall .
They do this for no extra compensation .
No targets would be specified for them .
It needs massive and immediate reform .
I do so and feel slightly disconcerted .
We had female diplomats and governors .
He missed the first and made the second .
Allow a reasonable time for a response .
Getting more water to them will be hard .
The trust is expected to comment later .
Their medieval church is falling down .
We have seen some of the best rugby ever .
The panelists and audience cracked up .
Gomes finished it with two free throws .
Find out how to declutter your mailbox .
At least seven people died in the blast .
Our big thing together was dressing up .
Boulders partially blocking the road .
Boot camps have some special features .
It punctured two tyres on the same side .
They talk about the size of government .
At least we can now judge for ourselves .
His big green eyes were wide and hungry .
So what you have now is two basic things .
It worked better in small communities .
Tree huggers need to do better reseach .
But he says there are exceptions in war .
She said he used to work at the building .
Finally we have a prime minister again .
Some analysts say a retreat is overdue .
We might end up with lung default swaps .
Other omissions are equally puzzling .
There are frequent attacks in the area .
Westminster is thirsting for revenge .
He was given the green light to go ahead .
But his fellow ministers did not agree .
Guys make mental mistakes in baseball .
The light will be halted and held there .
Please donate money and time if you can .
All the building projects were frozen .
Zircon crystals could hold the answer .
But apparently most of us are in denial .
But the politicians have destroyed it .
Slightly better weather was expected .
Some students are helping at hospital .
Another view is that this is political .
So you can hardly talk about happiness .
Bears in normal times are in a minority .
The nearest mall is almost an hour away .
Fiat declined to comment on the matter .
Other farmers sounded more concerned .
No special election would be required .
One of those killed was a polling agent .
I completely agree with your comments .
This production was touched by genius .
A new crisis was just around the corner .
Fahri hung around with the wrong crowd .
Slash and burn until the very last hour .
But the numbers tell a different story .
The scepticism in the room was audible .
New partners are named every two years .
The girls disappear inside the school .
He was hoping it would be a positive one .
The cause of the collision is not clear .
He says that the soul dies with the body .
Injuries certainly have been an issue .
Insurers are clamouring for funds too .
Eventually necessity forces a change .
Economists had expected a bigger drop .
Solecki was seized on his way into work .
Bob rarely talked about his childhood .
My mother had no idea how to handle this .
I had someone to support me personally .
The partner nations signed last month .
Similarly on the international stage .
Heat a large frying pan over a high heat .
Hopefully she will convert to science .
Sax solos were strictly for lift music .
It has received a number of approaches .
The second is how big a threat they pose .
Work out how much money you need to live .
There was good news for retailers also .
The grapes were simply too desiccated .
The response surpassed expectations .
It will take two to capture hockey gold .
Broader stock indicators also lifted .
Washington can deal with these issues .
This tournament has been tricky for me .
It was a fascinating year for politics .
But something has gone terribly wrong .
People who are reading this column now .
The tractors and motorcycles are gone .
Manufacturing fell across the nation .
Wash the beets and trim their root ends .
I know the roads like the back of my hand .
He wrapped an arm around me as we walked .
Forget about the photographic prizes .
Everybody is fighting for their lives .
But let me talk about the school system .
They have warned against complacency .
It is going to be nicer to be in politics .
Designs are expected to be issued soon .
Conditional dealing is to start today .
Analysts had expected a modest profit .
A house without a father is a challenge .
That alone is reason enough to rejoice .
She sounds to be at the end of her tether .
That seemed to be their inner dialogue .
Accountability now has to come into it .
It is awaiting a delivery of grit later .
Attempts to smoke them out also failed .
Simpson denies weapons were involved .
He is the first swimmer to win the honor .
Here we look at some of the best efforts .
All that seems like a very long time ago .
But lesser known gems followed inside .
The lengths companies go to for an edge .
Our calls and emails were not returned .
Camp survivors also decried the theft .
Perez tirelessly defends his actions .
Also heavily involved in charity work .
But two hitches would become apparent .
So here is my vision of a happy scenario .
This seems to be the question of the day .
Partly to the alienation of customers .
Britain is always sitting on the fence .
Smith was victimized a couple of times .
But they offered food for speculation .
Sounds like a path to single payer to me .
This is a difficult question to answer .
But the symbolism of the clause is ugly .
Weddings are the sartorial minefield .
A better solution is to bite the bullet .
Groups to sue cleaning product makers .
She was a very small premature package .
I am definitely being guided by my seat .
I read every reference to the blue lily .
Businesses also are curtailing trips .
That information could save your life .
A small win does not matter in any state .
But those choices helped seal his loss .
They have to go deeper into the problem .
Some thought it looked like a swastika .
This has promoted a negative reaction .
Two people were killed and six injured .
Make your home office a command center .
Here is an excerpt from that interview .
Many admit to learning as they go along .
That leaves nine for further research .
No wonder the capital is flooding east .
Way to troll you back woods nut juggler .
Everybody fitted into one dining room .
The scam had effectively been exposed .
But this forms a small part of the total .
More lights are coming back on at night .
Season to taste and serve immediately .
Controversialists must be in despair .
Rights put the death toll at twice that .
Turkey matters for another reason too .
Have a look at our live stats if you want .
Evaluation of effectiveness minimal .
I cannot take his candidacy seriously .
It is currently divided into two parts .
Some of the comments on here are absurd .
Colorado lost its sixth straight game .
Yet other key issues are less resolved .
How embarrassing must your parents be .
Find wines that you know you will enjoy .
Both men were rushed to area hospitals .
They have inspired me to step up my game .
This was a gig which made an impression .
Bolt and company embark on adventures .
Kinlaw helped settle down the offense .
Equal rights are still not guaranteed .
More needs to be done and seen to be done .
Their support mattered to me very much .
The threat is also exported far abroad .
One aspect of the book is less pleasing .
Oktoberfest has seen violence before .
Democrats are largely behind the plan .
It is truly a sad commentary on science .
Cameron wants to go further and faster .
Humanity is at war with alien invaders .
Woods could use a few moments like that .
And what they uncover can be upsetting .
There was no real deep reason behind it .
Betts and his teachers have more plans .
Amazon declined to give sales figures .
Sometimes you have to marvel at the man .
Sales would be down four to six percent .
Its sound was tuned to properly burble .
Teenage sex will be treated fearfully .
I wanted to meet a centenarian of my own .
Only one ballfield has been completed .
They were included in the charts below .
Hamilton was interviewed the next day .
Someone needs to think outside the box .
They tell people to exercise every day .
Clearly it was a slow day for criminals .
Salt trucks and plows were out in force .
I am not angry over this criminal probe .
Many are pessimistic about our future .
That was true for both fat and thin kids .
He knows what the other extreme is like .
Dusty construction sites dot the area .
I wanted to capture people as they were .
I thought this was a very strong speech .
But resistance may be starting to melt .
Election plans are like camping tents .
There are repetitions large and small .
Kenyon loves the sight of a microphone .
Spoon a nice dollop of sour cream on top .
So much for political good intentions .
Use this time to teach and to encourage .
Its financial results have been mixed .
We came in here and rallied peacefully .
He was indicted on corruption charges .
This is no ordinary dog and turkey show .
Expect the market to fall hard and fast .
He declined to say who he was voting for .
Prodigal son is penniless all his life .
Baseball ought to have paid a price too .
He washes his hands at her kitchen sink .
All of the items will be returned to him .
Look for organic items in the bulk bins .
In middle age he was a portly bon viveur .
A third stab left her bleeding heavily .
I no longer have to schedule play dates .
That is one reason why we have earmarks .
He watched the blaze on the ridge in awe .
She is not more special or less special .
That is against our laws and our values .
We already have universal healthcare .
But a safety harness kept her from harm .
Her second chance worked out just fine .
And he goes there to get high on himself .
This is at the heart of your difficulty .
Foundation uses this census data as is.
The array of channels is still growing .
We are tired of their poor performance .
We need to be positive in this campaign .
Syria has rebuffed that precondition .
And eager for football season to start .
We must have equal rights for everyone .
Civilians are often caught in between .
Yet it was an afternoon for new records .
The healthcare industry needs change .
What a glorious set of crroks down here .
They were having a good giggle about it .
This also happened in my everyday life .
Fathers and mothers lined up to meet us .
He was later cleared of any wrongdoing .
The field has been dealt some setbacks .
That means students will be scattered .
Many of whom barely understand nature .
My wife had drunk the same and felt fine .
There are reports of serious injuries .
I have tutored a number of poor readers .
The poll must be held within two months .
But her letter was dated from weeks ago .
The difference is their destinations .
Maricar works as a child psychiatrist .
But such a collision is not inevitable .
The issue has been simmering for years .
There were a million other things to do .
Government bonds were little changed .
He has short grey hair which is balding .
Yet the lead continues to look fragile .
Not all the economic news was negative .
Electronic records have people abuzz .
But their questions are often probing .
The curriculum has no room for romance .
The away trips are fraught with danger .
And with that we went our separate ways .
The master bedroom has an attached gym .
There can be long days at strange hours .
Once a week he will host a client dinner .
Gold hits new record high for third day .
What he discovered ended his marriage .
The two men are both described as white .
But there was a measure of sympathy too .
Then the phones started ringing again .
An oxygen tank was left with the animal .
Now they aspire to becoming president .
The tutoring is apparently paying off .
Fight in the early hours of the morning .
More suitable for the chief executive .
There was no change the previous month .
They usually simply call you to verify .
Thanks for your service to our country .
Music can be backed up to your computer .
But they are taking their time about it .
The foreclosures have only just begun .
I love to talk about the meaning of life .
Hicks died of a blunt impact to the head .
He destroyed the power of his own union .
I can only speak from my own experience .
Click here for celebrity divorce news .
Not something birds or trees have to do .
Bonds fell as stocks recovered ground .
Shanghai investors do not sell stocks .
This is the rub with all bills of rights .
Click the image above to viiew the list .
Some schools let you take laptops home .
Below are excerpts from the interview .
R for violence and pervasive language .
My but this emotion stuff was draining .
It may be less scary in other countries .
He also wore thicker socks than normal .
My friends had to bring me drinks in bed .
The truth is everybody in that room was .
The teams analyze each shaky mortgage .
The post office has now been boarded up .
There was no immediate word on arrests .
It was on hold during the criminal case .
People need art for their restaurants .
Anybody who claims otherwise is a liar .
You may have to play stupid and conform .
What a shock it must be for metro buyers .
His big wide grin will be sorely missed .
That has to mean lower public spending .
I was the one who gave him a second birth .
But others say this theory is nonsense .
Companies in the industry are finicky .
Bring out the celebrity endorsements .
You have to worry about my cholesterol .
That will play out in the months to come .
A helicopter videotaped the incident .
Better to sympathize with your friend .
The path between the two works is clear .
Two others served less than five years .
He had four broken ribs and concussion .
Men and women are not interchangeable .
The ebook revolution changes all that .
Not least of these is its architecture .
But he still will be a better president .
I am talking about the average citizen .
Many men want to mull things over first .
It comes against a team he once coached .
Just a small pipe would be enough for us .
They say a gun was later found in his car .
Many countries have stormy histories .
It happened during one of those segues .
She drank too much and died delusional .
Broken arms left for days without care .
It was about winning the championship .
Supervised units for teenage mothers .
She feels conflicted as she speaks out .
He likes that we are a religious people .
Another opinionated bigot off the air .
The government denies they even exist .
And then we park for two weeks or a month .
Its aim is to pressure the authorities .
No photos were ever shown of that event .
She borrows the money to buy the shares .
The skin on the palm of his hand was soft .
The poor little dears have cloakrooms.
Not everyone buys that line of defense .
His mother can then be heard screaming .
My goal in the end is not to judge people .
It could be more serious than you think .
But its not so easy for younger members .
It would give us something to play with .
And things only got rougher from there .
We will have to make some upfront costs .
Now the building faces a wrecking ball .
The fourth course never came together .
A hearing was to be held later in the day .
That is not his only extravagant claim .
The top of the rankings were unchanged .
And that was before he took to the stage .
A report will be produced in six months .
Also these reports are from detainees .
Sullivan did not pause to strike a pose .
Crews are working to make the area safe .
Meanwhile his team lost its intensity .
Spurs had certainly ridden their luck .
Knowing that they knew gave me comfort .
You never knew what was going to happen .
There were a number of witnesses there .
Some voters probably feel the same way .
A hearing is expected later this month .
You have me mistaken with someone else .
Texas is long overdue for such a debate .
The goal seemed to loosen up both sides .
We want to pay our environmental costs .
Its advent cannot be taken for granted .
It turns out that one may already exist .
Browse by region on our road trips page .
He also sealed the investigative file .
Rub a wedge on the surface of your nails .
Our income has been severely impacted .
But they went on throwing the switches .
Another will accompany her in sprints .
As a spectacle the match was a disgrace .
He advised motorists to stay the roads .
Most of my firsts have been on this show .
The food we eat is absolutely terrible .
Benz declined to give further details .
This is not how to build healthy cities .
Madden will actually get two weeks off .
I am a moderately successful novelist .
And this complicates matters further .
The advertising campaign worked well .
Several others are far more ambitious .
A peace agreement has yet to be reached.
He is sentenced to five years in prison .
Apple is determined to extend its lead .
He is said to be recovering well at home .
The first amendment is not well served .
Certain product exclusions may apply .
Air is the medium dust drifts around in .
The case was still being investigated .
This is getting completely out of hand .
They are now grappling with furniture .
But the left is unlikely to embrace him .
Three of those were taken to hospitals .
He also is a medical marijuana patient .
I think we learned from it and we move on .
The journey to the airport was surreal .
That explains why she keeps tearing up .
Forty percent of adults have diabetes .
Koreans care mainly about the economy .
The little boy knew the shot was coming .
The county then dumped sand on the road .
He knew just enough to make him curious .
It was his fourth win in five decisions .
Rulings on both are expected this year .
Stamp duty holiday will end next month .
He continues to fight his deportation .
The job market is gradually improving .
He should have his feet held to the fire .
This country is full of illegal aliens .
The dead man was driving one of the cars .
Iraq is an incredibly wealthy country .
We have juvenile detainees suffering .
A wave of noise comes from down the hill .
The existing dam has spawned problems .
But the garden was their great passion .
Police recovered a weapon at the scene .
We need to get into the health business .
I am offering mere anecdotal evidence .
I cannot wait to see what will it be next .
She tried to throw the car into reverse .
Everyone clapped when we touched down .
His vanity also put us behind schedule .
Blanco was found shot twice in the head .
Or at least they perceive such insults .
Then they all headed out of the chamber .
The companies will retain their names .
I decline that particular invitation .
Supply disruptions supported prices .
I can see how they could from a distance.
Good service but not fully flat bed yet .
But there must be a better way than this.
But they made an exception in this case .
The politicians can say what they want .
And maybe start with a different color .
The money was to help the man open a cafe .
Perhaps someday politicians will too .
Four bedrooms with wheelchair access .
But that resistance has now faded away .
Both shots clanked cruelly off the rim .
Els bogeyed three of his last six holes .
The bad blood over this paper lingered .
Each classroom has multiple defenses .
Defeat in all six games cost him his job .
It means even the poorest can come here .
There was no damage to aircraft or crew .
Perhaps we simply carry time within us .
I am thinking better of her all the time .
They are going to be very disappointed .
There is no charge to access this event .
That is the kind of president he will be .
The government is weak on ethnic issue .
His name was not released immediately .
Her purse and cell phone were not taken .
Those two majors seem like forever ago .
Some vacation this is turning out to be .
But the fightback is already under way .
Transport is a big source of complaint .
Buses are available and cost a lot less .
They eventually had her teeth removed .
I knew this thing could get much bigger .
He has no protection policies in place .
Been drunk a lot and been hungover a lot .
Tropical forests are not carbon sinks .
The lobster dealer accepted it gladly .
In for the expenses more than anything .
Three obvious factors play their part .
There is a card in each car to buy petrol .
I just want to stop working and go to bed .
Mass production looks like a long shot .
Lawyers said that this was unworkable .
The conflict has global implications .
I never would have thought of the sheep .
They run quickly over short distances .
The idea is catching on in other places .
I have no desire to entertain your evil .
Their only crime was attending school .
Rodriguez was suspended for two games .
The prices of many metals have tumbled .
So the forecasts were all over the shop .
I still believed our marriage was good .
Campaigns adore and chastise emotion .
He said he often gets off to slow starts .
That may be a signpost for improvement .
Women and girls were held in rape camps .
But he denied he doing favors in return .
We lower our dependence on foreign oil .
But he refused to talk about promotion .
He advocates phasing it out gradually .
You talk like history began yesterday .
He declined to release them piecemeal .
He called police and then ran to safety .
Crist will be sandwiched in the middle.
It did not specify how many were killed .
I got into martial arts and gymnastics .
Various industrial sites also burned .
The corporate broker was also changed .
Semmel did not identify the suppliers .
She is also ahead in the national votes .
Obama is wrong to focus on settlements .
Your kids will remember the same of you .
Police recorded her evidence on video .
It will also call for further research .
There was a serious purpose to all this .
One also has to weigh the consequences .
Add the sugar and enough water to cover .
They were later rescued by helicopter .
The restaurant was not open at the time .
Ten of the suspects held student visas .
The wind turbines can do the same thing .
He always made people around him laugh .
So expect more congestion on the roads .
It is crying out for a nice juicy murder .
His old colleagues had been good to him .
Spending to much can not be a good thing .
He records the names in his little book .
A lot of savings come in manufacturing .
This permits talking to almost anyone .
Everything builds on everything else .
They are making an effort to fight back .
But that is only a partial explanation .
He makes sure everything is up to snuff .
Teams have to make business decisions .
Itching remains somewhat mysterious .
Without it you are left with two things .
Grafton has delivered another winner .
Reflect on the ways errors can creep in .
Warning shots were fired from the ship .
Collectors are mainly professionals .
She will remain in custody until trial .
At least two policemen are in hospital .
The difference led to a rise in net debt .
The group has already printed ballots .
The police dismissed that allegation .
Only the key performers were featured .
But its real charm lies in other things .
That process should take around a week .
There are many reasons for his success .
Yesterday his form took a step forward .
They can then arrange a quick abortion .
The market was anticipating a decline .
The unions seem to be calling the shots .
Lula is the best president in the world .
The singer is hardly ever without a hat .
Ditto for multiples of similar colors .
Finland are the outsiders in our group .
They smile and they laugh at the camera .
The issue will still be a battleground .
But the couple broke up a few months ago .
Some train crews supported the strike .
Most of their stops were not difficult .
He added five tackles on special teams .
The dough should be soft but not sticky .
A lower yield indicates higher demand .
Then that single moment gets drawn out .
They were married in a prison ceremony .
Obama said he embraced the assessment .
And at least he has moved with the times .
The police quickly ruled out foul play .
That difference is called victimhood .
Amazon has started selling groceries .
I do enjoy your posts on other subjects .
Coolmax helps wick away perspiration .
Many inmates are beyond that age group .
He could be sidelined two to four weeks .
Little here resonates with this world .
Photos all from last year on holiday in .
You ask how soon until it happens again .
Sterling has slumped at a record speed .
Study the expenses charged by the fund .
England had lost the use of their totem .
All credit cards are not created equal .
He was thwarted from the party nod then .
Its sting is so gentle you might miss it .
It seems he was a handsome lad in his day .
Diseases have been stamped out before .
He fell and lay motionless on the stage .
Not every album has to change the world .
She may not like the future much better .
A massive inmate release is not likely .
How the chink in their armor is exposed .
The quitclaim was filed with the court .
South also lost a diamond and went down .
She is an incredibly intuitive talent .
They are also preserving mature trees .
Which brings us back to the tax returns .
I found this article very mooooooving .
Utley followed with a quick ground out .
That is where the fingerprints come in .
The two men were overcome and arrested .
It would have made for a great contrast .
Her facial movements are also limited .
There is a firm handshake for each of us .
That would be another miscalculation .
I tried to get a mortgage modification .
Congrats to them on their achievement .
Could take a while to get rid of all that .
The police wanted to stop the painting .
It would have been the end of her career .
She had been a devotee its first season .
So it really brought out the best in her .
She was uninjured but was left in tears .
I think the reviewer was not at the conc .
The men asked for the owner of the ranch .
Boeheim was not available for comment .
He was an island of calm in a sea of storm .
Some have retired from municipal jobs .
More are expected to follow their lead .
The spokesman denied having said that .
No wonder his poll numbers are falling .
Many people thought it was impossible .
I can feel and see my body tightening up .
Well what a difference two years makes .
The apparent calm did not stop the buzz .
They have carried out similar attacks .
It was unclear whether it would be used .
People should be free to climb the rock.
The figures bear out his frustrations .
The living and dining areas are linked .
Is this the real america or the fake one .
They know their survival depends on it .
And that is exactly what they are doing .
Injuries undermined them last season .
It said they break down within minutes .
The aim is to get in your opponents face .
The top is light and the bottom is heavy .
But a third poster shows the task ahead .
Broader indexes managed to post gains .
What we need today is an economic surge .
Good timing is everything in business .
She said she fought him off and escaped .
Sequels featuring him will be welcome .
A rainbow of organ colors poured forth .
Not so with nonrefundable hotel rates .
They then both went upstairs together .
J is a troublemaker and he is dead wrong .
The process produces very little heat .
Whether they are conscious of it or not .
We have to put the wicket out of our mind .
And the real action happens off campus .
She resumed lamenting in the same vein .
We will be married within three months .
And it has over the past couple of weeks .
The message may sound a little muddled .
It is time for her to bow out gracefully .
The road was closed for about two hours .
Additional requirements for testing .
We have been refused on every occasion .
And they are largely free or cost pence .
And what we have done seems to be in vain .
The local labor market cannot provide .
It did not say the range of the missiles .
No one was holding the door open for him .
He later apologised for his behaviour .
Financials slipped across the region .
No appointment will please everybody .
He held his head in his hands and sighed .
They only respond to strong diplomacy .
Another eight are currently on option .
But facts and figures tell it like it is .
He gave them extra food and cigarettes .
But this hardly amounts to corruption .
Consider the exhibition of portraits .
Set a rack in the upper third of the oven .
The status of their divorce is unclear .
It had been wounded in the neck and body .
Giacometti was a sculptor who painted .
The others took identical dummy pills .
Supreme military might was not enough .
Take the question of ethics and robots .
How to accomplish that is up for debate .
Not one for your underground clubbers .
Apple drags a certain type of customer .
Only he and he alone had all the answers .
I created reserves of home heating oil .
Portugal has a similar task ahead of it .
That is what they did the first meeting .
He is due to appear before magistrates .
I think there will be safety in numbers .
I saw one of these billboards at the cor .
And it worked just as it was supposed to .
This scandal only broke a few weeks ago .
It exceeds expectations at every turn .
That is no way to build a national party .
Glasspool lives with a female partner .
The trouble is that it is firing blanks .
Ambling in the town is a gentle delight .
But check the date before you read them .
One agreement was with the commission .
She handed me the invitation at school .
Give me an obsessive any day of the week .
Which is why the flag was again waiting .
The pound also gained against the euro .
Your generalizations are ridiculous .
They want the culprits brought to book .
I had a wonderful time working with him .
All four were released without charge .
Gate assignments change with the wind .
It could be temporary federal control .
Talking about fatherhood is one thing .
Either you have democracy or you do not .
Shearer is facing a midfield headache .
This is a time for looking to the future .
But it was withdrawn on a technicality .
These people really believe this crap .
The assistant goes off to find another .
It called for a string of major changes .
So some students are getting creative .
It would be unjust to expect otherwise .
His identity has not yet been released .
And relations could be about to worsen .
Welch was the chief financial officer .
Carlson said she was just doing her job .
This is about getting the policy right .
Steroids last for weeks in your system .
He deserves the opportunity to do this .
Join the discussion on this piece here .
Fans begin to stream out of the stadium .
Or maybe it will be completely ignored .
She took a bite out of her birthday cake .
We have to live with the cconsequences .
Losing your job can make you feel lousy .
I hung up without making a reservation .
The vistas along the way were stunning .
Things to know before hitting the road .
You just have to find the right program .
But hijacking is a dangerous business .
They plan to start testing it this fall .
His wife and four children survive him .
The result created a political crisis .
Morocco has a demographic problem too .
They were both blowing little bubbles .
We were not blindfolded or handcuffed .
Bond yields slowed their recent climb .
Hospital and the entire health system .
But it comes at the cost of flexibility .
They have used their people as a shield .
That must have been a very long process .
But it is never a tranquil partnership .
But even then it came back to haunt them .
We got together to remember my husband .
It has taken a whole team to win a series .
This guy makes history about everyday .
Gartland contends if was self defense .
They then left and the police turned up .
And an object of love must be civilized .
No time for suits and pretence anymore .
Supermarkets are very powerful there .
It only makes you look like a poor loser .
Special interest groups get involved .
The materiel had later been destroyed .
She testified against him at the trial .
The recipient is rendered a spectator .
This show has a lovely score and three o .
I guess you are letting the subject die .
She said they would tack it on to the end .
It affects all of her daily activities .
The house had been empty for a long time .
He wanted the evidence to talk loudest .
But some economists doubt the figures .
The ceilings are lower than seven feet .
Some districts could face insolvency .
The writer is a retired medical doctor .
Two things stand out from the incident .
He never stopped hanging out with kids .
They also added a vegetarian category .
It gave people the illusion of comfort .
At least that guy had a valid complaint .
But unlikely pleasures can also be won .
Everything that happened on my day off .
The property market promptly crashed .
He has handled the situation very well .
Police say their file will remain open .
Now every other shop is a delicatessen .
Federer delivered an ace on the second .
But that is not the point of this column .
Picking winners is an inexact science .
Others play tunes for the extra income .
Yet the stain from the scandal remains .
Other crazy things could happen ahead .
But at least they knew her whereabouts .
I could not allow this to drag on either .
Zhu seemed to brush off the punishment .
All we want to show now is that we can win .
I am very excited about what lies ahead .
There was one way in and no other way out .
A pension dispute remains unresolved .
A bad attitude will get you bad results .
But he says this is not the only problem .
The results were similar in both tests .
What memories all these stories evoke .
Perkins is no stranger to this process .
He planned another visit this weekend .
Then the mutilations appeared to stop .
In football this has all been invented .
That is hardly a role model for anybody .
Most of the plays came in the open court .
Parents with babies will be out of luck .
I saw him hiding beers and being sneaky .
Both have been released on police bail .
His hobbies include sport and theatre .
This could be her only chance to escape .
Not a bad way to spend a summer vacation .
It was as if an order had come from above .
But other areas are being attacked too .
They undoubtedly want to do that again .
Reflecting on the past is not his thing .
This latest success is because of them .
Nobody doubts this was a family matter .
Democracy is a lot more than elections .
Destroy that great wall of oppression .
Please research the great depression .
Yet the taxman would have done no wrong .
Grassley recently dismissed the idea .
And once they start eating it shuts off .
That throws him into comic situations .
There is no substitute for human blood .
Home form crucial to survival chances .
It was a bitter fight up to election day .
Education is probably the only way out .
We have so many little things like that .
But the site has broken its own promise .
Some of those speculators will go bust .
That is not expected this year and next .
Now he does not have to ask the question .
But his night just got worse from there .
All this back and forth stuff is futile .
And more bodies coming home every week .
Australia can be beaten but not broken .
Which leads me back to that aunt of mine .
Or perhaps it is not so simple after all.
Everyone knows how high the stakes are .
A baby changing table would be nice too .
She spins around a pole in her lingerie .
Do not be misled by apparent normality .
Greg has been sober for about six years .
This is known as anterior dislocation .
Barack might have a secret girlfriend .
Brantley can manage the game just fine .
It was not possible to verify the claim .
But there can be other benefits as well .
Unfortunately there had to be a winner .
Add agave nectar to the vinegar and mix .
The symbolism was clearly no accident .
He says he should have prepared better .
Thats the state of our media these days .
Both policies face political hurdles .
But there is a little room for maneuver .
Murray has said it will be the last hole .
Land scarred by decades of coal mining .
It cannot get more miserable than this .
Insurance is as she knows made that way .
This is the function that matters most .
Both reactions sound just about right .
Either one will open many doors for you .
Halifax has yet to reveal its forecast .
Using steroids is an easy way to do that .
Clothes and the like are provided free .
There is a lot that we can be proud of now .
He was truly in all his glory that night .
She said it was not a sign of submission .
Expectations can be raised or lowered .
That is what you have got to understand .
Ammunition was also found on the plane .
This is obviously the right thing to do .
He could have simply waited six months .
They have no right to lead a normal life .
He forced the driver out and drove away .
No one is certain who the culprits were .
Oil prices were unaffected by the news .
Then the doorbell would start ringing .
He or she should be a good money manager .
First they gave and then they took away .
We acted correctly in law and morality .
It was a pretty straightforward match .
He has seven more gold medals to try for .
Sequels have a habit of disappointing .
Horry was called for an offensive foul .
Her son was planning to be an evil clown .
We were going to bed at different times .
He stayed there until the end of the war .
There will also be psychological help .
Let us start with the new constitution .
Now imagine that you are not a partisan .
The ocean is the lifeblood of our world .
Then she looks to her mother and laughs .
Dempster struck out six and walked two .
But there are some potential problems .
Their debts make it hard to borrow more .
He declined to answer other questions .
Yet elsewhere the picture may be worse .
Season inside of each tomato with salt .
So many of my favourite places are here .
We are coming back to being mates again .
Surprised to be actually writing this .
There was nothing inevitable about it .
I do not buy it and hope he is not elected .
The whole thing works both ways in fact .
Much of this acclamation is justified .
Costner tells me about his upbringing .
You get a sense of that around the abbey .
Another set up an inflatable palm tree .
Their training had to remain flexible .
Lawyers also selected two alternates .
Actual speeds vary by site conditions .
The past is indeed a different country .
But figures are not always everything .
Several others were reported missing .
It cannot stop suburban prostitution .
See the gallery above for the full list .
And what beautiful creations they are .
Four of them were released a week later .
One is price gouging by drug companies .
But this year everything is different .
Political parties set their own rules .
The also have become very inexpensive .
But we need to be clear on the realities .
Cameron would be in sympathy with this .
The increases come at a sensitive time .
Foster keeps withdrawing from squads .
Both are prime targets for insurgents .
God is going to make everything better .
She was both of the old world and the new .
They killed several of the insurgents .
Chimbonda cannot have been surprised .
We both just sat there in the warm night .
And of course their flock will eat it up .
No one else has looked very convincing .
That felt like the right way to play her .
This is her idea of suitable nightwear .
But it also produced a few revelations .
But maybe magazine lingo is different .
He also hopes the subject gets dropped .
Court records did not list an attorney .
No one has received full compensation .
This chronic problem has become acute .
The show later issued a clarification .
Dishonesty is nothing new in politics .
Very poor choice of words for the title .
We saw it on the first day of this series .
I wish and pray for so much for all of you .
He drove off when he was given the money .
But the public has been largely silent .
But younger employees might leave too .
Get back on the gas and unwind the wheel .
This is not the man we need in office now .
Burkett said others are simply con men .
Everyone has a good laugh over that one .
Its effects persist for at least a year .
Yet we are not comparing like with like .
It is typical communist architecture .
People are glad that this is happening .
But our best was simply not good enough .
Mom and baby are reportedly doing well .
We all know who we are referring to here .
The carbs get less reliable after that .
We should try to control price setting .
We need to stick together and work hard .
Se trata de eliminar un derecho humano .
One week of cold weather means nothing .
But glass vandalism is another matter .
Police want witnesses to contact them .
That is diplomatic problem number one .
But there were no children in the house .
Some student discounts are available .
His outlook was always international .
The answer is that no one knows for sure .
He is asked if he is happy with his serve .
Shut up you classless worthless troll .
Sun officials have denied wrongdoing .
Addressing that imbalance is not easy .
I shall be trying to do better this year .
Biotech drugs are made in living cells .
Game manager has become field general .
There are many other obvious pitfalls .
There are several compelling reasons .
Little notice will initially be taken .
A beautiful piece of political theory .
Reps from both parties make this claim .
The increase was higher than expected .
Shares in the firm have been suspended .
It was her final statement to the court .
Subject to change but not looking good .
It is too early to tell what will emerge .
But the truth is much more complicated .
But politics was just part of the story .
My bed moved from one place to the other .
It was the deadliest tsunami on record .
The trial judge confirmed the verdict .
Iran had no immediate word on the visit .
Those dark times can dampen my spirits .
He has settled down in his private life .
None of the bills calls for such groups .
Karangwa said that was set to increase .
They have so far expressed reluctance .
The laws have been there for many years .
Not many foods are naturally rich in it .
A tip sheet of resources was handed out .
Some people exercise by power walking .
Algae chokes forsaken swimming pools .
We would all be hard pressed to find one .
What he says gets widespread coverage .
The leaders have almost run out of time .
Perhaps more tourism will change that .
The book itself is just such a pastiche .
Ireland has been among the hardest hit .
Getting through to the next round will .
Too big to fail must end in this country .
One pretends to urinate on some greens .
Christmas will never be the same again .
Yet the question is probably academic .
A police officer was slightly injured .
The force was tipped off about the ruse .
She will find a peace process in crisis .
Some tourists photographed the group .
Daughters and mothers became friends .
It also happens to be very well written .
I love this play and the lady playing th .
They slowed it down when it suited them .
Some bears left hair at multiple sites .
Try placing the sun to the left or right .
The fines should come out of his salary .
The clubhouse was strictly off limits .
Feel free to add your suggestions here .
They also turned off their cellphones .
Wonder what other surprises there are .
Google has reduced this to nine months .
Click here to see a gallery of shock ads .
The country has been beset by conflict .
So doctors rely on anecdotal evidence .
In counseling their sins were exposed .
Often there are people asking about it .
Perhaps chief among them is publicity .
They have come out on top too many times .
He once played with a man who had no arms .
Just start calling the deathers liars .
And that is unlikely to happen quickly .
Andy spent hours with his grandfather .
I ran for a conductor and asked for help .
We stayed for three weeks in a big house .
Its owner has said it is not aggressive .
Hughes died unexpectedly last summer .
It does push you on to be a better player .
The story is horrific and significant .
All the parties are as bad as each other.
I needed to be friends with a strong guy .
And he has proved he can do that already .
They put me in the bed and gave me saline .
Thanks for the sanctimonious garbage .
He told her he imagined living with her .
And of course she will underscore that .
Hamilton still on course for the title .
I wanted to spend my life with my family .
Chrildren are used and it trully hurts .
Just look at what they have been buying .
And there are good reasons for doing so .
Another big edge is perched on his back .
Nussle requested the money last month .
That is considered sexual harassment .
Actual speeds vary by site conditions.
He is survived by their four daughters .
This is not an argument against prison .
But their request has been turned down .
He subsequently died of a heart attack .
To me those are very pleasant memories .
There are lots of good horror jokes too .
He did little work during his thirties .
The decor is still being tinkered with .
Any timings were done with a stopwatch .
The officials expect the toll to climb .
Then there are the procedural hurdles .
No homecoming could have been sweeter .
Foden is another interesting recruit .
The same applies to the defensive side .
Each bank was allowed to place two bids .
To individualise would miss the point .
All parties were split down the middle .
They only have so many wearings in them .
His risky trades then racked up losses .
I like to win the fight for the underdog .
It will be the biggest game of my career .
Offenders can face fines and even jail .
Thanks for having him on the show today .
Getting them there trumpets sounding .
One man inside the home was also killed .
The first draft of history can be crude .
But at its heart lies a simple business .
The murder weapon has still to be found .
The painting was reported by bar staff .
Israel is part of that web of interests .
Their size and cost must be controlled .
No conclusive signs of life were found .
All it takes is time and determination .
Militants responded with mortar fire .
Students must pay extra to add minutes .
Downer refers to cattle unable to walk .
Soon the three were the talk of the town .
He saw little to gain from a new contest .
The recent unbeaten run proved as much .
Cash is the life blood of every company .
I opened it and it was full of shark fins .
Allen was exonerated of abuse charges .
The entire test lasts about four hours .
The files were protected by a password .
Wednesday time slot on a regular basis .
And that is before the campaign starts .
This effort too is encountering snags .
But all insisted that he was not a crook .
The auction is bound to raise the price .
The experience was clearly traumatic .
And another bidding deadline is today .
But the satisfaction was not complete .
No more beer or loud music at home for me .
It is now the third largest in the world .
He wants a handgun to defend his family .
Their passports were found on the ship .
Consumer lenders continued to suffer .
The lander confirmed the ice was there .
The cable stunned some in the military .
Those musta been some spicey slim jims .
Lepowsky discovered this the hard way .
But their margins suffered as a result .
The sixth proposed a catering service .
I thank you for your time and attention .
Frasor struck out the side in the ninth .
The range of movement is considerable .
The jail would not release the charges .
All concussions are not created equal .
He was stuffed at the goal line on a leap .
These problems are far from universal .
They are trying to remove this concept .
That is not realistically in prospect .
His two brothers were prime ministers .
The trip was held under tight security .
The morning segues into the afternoon .
Time and conflict will prove the truth .
They are usually treated with surgery .
Their wives are friends and so are they .
The schemes will be finished this year .
She declined to give more information .
There are no entrance qualifications .
They work as artists and seamstresses .
Hollywood is definitely sympathetic .
Both labs did basically the same thing .
At times sleepless nights were common .
Luckily no one in the audience noticed .
Default would be an economic disaster .
They may have to pay a much stiffer rent .
So you have much more personalization .
Please accept my deepest condolences .
All he needed was the right instrument .
And the great tits may not synchronise .
Data for last year is not yet available .
Trepidation leaks out with every word .
I use that last word extremely loosely .
Except right at the beginning perhaps .
The global fight against drugs goes on .
Slightly dreading this swapping lark .
Shopkeepers reported both incidents .
The agency is also cutting some routes .
I knew she would show up here in top form .
A cause of death has yet to be announced .
They said the parents are not suspects .
It did not got to any one group of people .
He is also charged with identity theft .
One can only hope he keeps that promise .
The aggregate numbers are in focus now .
He expressed gratitude to his critics .
But it seemed to have had little choice .
They must have been a huge inspiration .
A global consumer society will be born .
Harrington was majestically unfazed .
He did that and it came perfectly for me .
The people served there are customers .
That is an approach whose time has come .
Drinking less alcohol might also help .
Not all the miles were covered by steam .
So it looks bad for the cable companies .
Broken glass and bricks lay all around .
It is not my job to make moral judgments .
I have faith that all is going to be well .
In the morning there was a heavy stench .
Private mortgage insurance premiums .
She might as well have slapped his legs .
He refused to say what those ideas were .
They declined to identify the officer .
Many others drowned or were lost at sea .
I have enjoyed being single for a while.
We need to see things as they really are .
Obama had to do it the old fashioned way .
It uses well water to cool the premises .
And the few that do will never come back .
The flooding showed no signs of easing .
The bodies themselves give a few clues .
He is certainly an engaging performer .
Two of his bodyguards were also killed .
He liked where he had come from too much .
Patel denied the alternative charges .
I think this has been good for the party .
It was not clear where he was at the time .
Click here to read the executive order .
A second inquest is to be held next year .
Perhaps he was thinking of the new ball .
Foreclosures cut into property taxes .
Undoubtedly that will involve the net .
Other countries have similar systems .
That suggests he wants to deny who he is .
This is a bill with some deals behind it .
The attacks also left five people hurt .
Afzali pleaded not guilty at that time .
Women can still use any other lavatory .
It was then taken by others to be sold on .
Even fewer were seen at other stations .
Stop voting for somone that can not win .
Thus was set the pattern for a lifetime .
Society will fail if this is not upheld .
Jimenez struck out four and walked two .
But his view is likely to be challenged .
Talk about instant gratification now .
A few such possibilities are hinted at .
And many mothers will embrace the idea .
Cadbury has recorded a leap in profits .
Women thrust babies at him to be kissed .
The outlook for small banks is bleaker .
He talked to him for a couple of minutes .
Nearly a third do not go to church at all .
Monday in honor of the wounded and dead .
Good luck with that angle in the future .
The garage doors are recycled redwood .
His brother was skiing so efficiently .
I miss so many people who have died on me .
She reported the incident to a teacher .
It bobbles some way wide of the far post .
What that will entail remains unclear .
Sporadic power outages were reported .
How do you put a price on a moving target .
They win a penalty and go for the corner .
Others say the problem is exaggerated .
There is intense debate on the numbers .
You were a good actor and will be missed .
So the eurozone will probably survive .
We ordered takeout falafel that night .
Her father could not identify the body .
Thanks for looking out for the country .
Not quite in the hole that some imagine .
Call your doctor to confirm the dosage .
Nothing comes of it and the hosts clear .
People get in to accidents all the time .
But such concessions cut several ways .
The main sticking point has been autos .
The reporter spent nine months in jail .
Also use volunteers to staff the house .
His condition was said to be improving .
Now that project could be compromised .
West cautiously bid only three spades .
No one had ever seen it in humans before .
I think we need to look at how we operate .
Most in the industry believe they will .
All but one were eventually recovered .
His viewpoints sometimes confused me .
The woman approached police last year .
Reform has not completely petered out .
They expect stimulation as well as pay .
No options have been granted this year .
Neither see the irony of their actions .
We are happy to set the record straight .
Interceptions and penalties piled up .
Karzai must win fairly or face a runoff .
Officers were prioritising the leads .
They have always helped each other out .
No phone listing for him could be found .
The treadmill was a consolation prize .
Legalisation will not solve violence .
You can also send us your views in video .
This country is well into its twilight .
There is a vaccine to prevent shingles .
Talk about inexcuseable foolishness .
Shout me down or talk me up for choosing .
He could be sentenced to life in prison .
New federal standard for fuel economy .
They were playing for someone special .
But analysts also expect no such thing .
Donovan was part of the plot to frame me .
He married for the first time this year .
To date he has done better than survive .
He was ready to change his entire swing .
Releasing that money takes four votes .
This is the essence of shared dialogue .
We seem to be slowly finding our rhythm .
You can see it in the faces here tonight .
Roche could not be reached for comment .
Time wasting is also common in the ring .
Burton was excited to have him on board .
Narges had been living with her mother .
Two have already been decommissioned .
The amount of rain has been staggering .
Interest rates will surely be slashed .
Talk about how you got cast in the movie .
Maybe homemade porn will pay the bills .
But he hopes the technology catches on .
He had come to ask for a million dollars .
The kisses then will be awkward indeed .
And even then he has to hope for the best .
Pollution levels have since subsided .
But he does not think his work is in vain .
Hogg is charged with resisting arrest .
The fourth was a goner in less than a day .
But the wetness was making her unhappy .
She wants to spend her someplace money .
The reason for the arrest was not clear .
This is typically a temporary problem .
Harvey declined to comment on the suit .
We talked a little bit about his accent .
The violence leaves three people dead .
The problem in my opinion is elsewhere .
The focus of the concern is aesthetics .
It was clear he had been drinking again .
Which brings us to our pro competition .
Holy days of obligation were optional .
And the answer is really pretty simple .
They were pronounced dead at the scene .
It only applies to domestic companies .
He might be able to win it here on one leg .
I hate those artificial designations .
Borden says such gestures are secular .
Only not if you properly think about it .
But the spat was rapidly brushed aside .
I kept asking if the baby was breathing .
Not all states will be treated equally .
The final surprise of a surprising day .
Foster is the master of the curved line .
I just assumed my wife had sorted it out .
Then he spurs his favorite hobbyhorse .
And companies want to share in his fame .
His fourth wife recently disappeared .
She wore jeans and a hooded sweat shirt .
Romero was amazed to even have a chance .
The perfect way to round off the summer .
Riders leaned in to fight for position .
A nation turns its grateful eyes to you .
A victorious start would achieve much .
Another youth was injured in the crash .
He was taken to hospital and died later .
Scientists say all this will get worse .
He is being the bigger man at this point .
Much of that commentary was unfounded .
Salary information was not disclosed .
That edge was on display at the service .
Because so many people were helping us .
Now he has been forced to flee in a hurry .
We will not be bullied into submission .
Sprinkle with lemon juice and parsley .
This alone dooms her political future .
She has one and foxes come nowhere near .
They will still charge refinance fees .
Me thinks there is something in the air .
It may be to explain some past incident .
His doctor said that they would go away .
But the networks were already hurting .
He used his house to guarantee the loan .
These fear mongers only know one thing .
That may turn out to be a tad optimistic .
Biden appears to be touring the region .
My mother basically raised our family .
Everyone in my building is in mourning .
As a result they will cut journey times .
A lot of people believe in my qualities .
He said officials were investigating .
His mother said she was proud of her son .
Causes of prostate cancer are unclear .
They are currently awaiting sentence .
I have never had a prince in here before .
We are now asked to stop climate change .
What happens next takes me by surprise .
We have some different people here now .
Members with day jobs are keeping them .
And a pretty unexceptional one at that .
But his immediate challenge is at home .
The drum major gets the major entrance .
Giving up meat can be a tricky business .
But the inventory bounce is temporary .
He knuckled down and has got due reward .
She likes to hammer and he likes to cook .
Very well written and much to the point .
Evidently much depends on the economy .
Sarkozy said his wife had a sore throat .
I want always to feel good about myself .
We barely had time to say goodbye to him .
All three were charged with visa fraud .
Both turn out to be interior designers .
The driver was not injured in the crash .
I certainly never expected to meet him .
We walked towards the body of a dead man .
Johanns voted against the health bill .
But a politician is still a politician .
Only two said conditions had worsened .
The biggest of these was on rail travel .
There are no more details at the moment .
A federal judge had dismissed the suit .
Mones is clearly an exemplary tourist .
Today is a very different story though .
Initially it was very difficult for us .
Apparently some people have a problem .
Summer is the time musicians go on tour .
No one said anything about arming kids .
Harper is a longtime county executive .
These are the only two big pots of money .
He underwent two offseason surgeries .
Crowds poured into the street to dance .
It seems to be growing larger by the day .
This offered a fabulous view of the sea .
But this return is also about business .
There are some exceptions to that list .
She was not the candidate you hoped for .
But that race is more muddled than ever .
The rep said he would waive the charges .
Of course they are just words not facts .
Byrd could face a possible suspension .
His intent is not too root anything out .
They can always be a rubbish collector.
Science has no way of exploring values .
Even the police knew that was nonsense .
They also tracked market information .
Hill struck out seven and walked three .
Gollner endures it all in high spirits .
He wants this woman to explain herself .
Eventually he left the ground in tears .
But things are just as bad on the second .
Luck had nothing to do with this mad man .
And so began three decades in solitary .
Higginbotham said there was no intent .
Make reservations as it is always full .
Peres said elections were inevitable .
Mechanics are trying to reposition it .
The problem of course is you do not know .
Athens eventually hosted the meeting .
The gun turned out to be a homemade fake .
The local government was just a screen .
But probably not enough to save his job .
Thank you for talking about this issue .
The problem has been growing for years .
They have done so fairly successfully .
It does not raise it or even maintain it .
Initial market reaction was positive .
He was and the recording was completed .
His lawyers have said they will appeal .
She needs an education in life studies .
Most roads in the city area were closed .
Nine homeless men signed up right away .
He braced against the splinter shield .
Her husband came in to see her every day .
Maybe they suffered a similar problem .
But authorities have not found a match .
Other things began to work much better .
Everyone smiles and says good morning .
There are still squatters living here .
He was the first in and the last to leave .
A companion ultimately drove her away .
I am strongly for immigration control .
He was the only one who truly recovered .
It is healthy to have a debate over this .
Birds scream and pluck their feathers .
Goffin never got relationships right .
The public finances are as good as bust .
But other nuclear dangers are growing .
The estate attorney is also convicted .
There is also a live webchat on the page .
The obvious answer was to protect jobs .
Let friends and family warm your heart .
And there is no reassuring conclusion .
Against the mother to pay for a new desk .
I hope his new album is very successful .
We need to implement three key reforms .
People of all races use and abuse drugs .
Bodily matter is ejected and consumed .
Anything beyond that is an assumption .
Start with your friendly wired rabbit .
The initiative is not expected to pass .
Estonia seems to have got this message .
Their deposits would have been frozen .
His driver was wounded in the incident .
The second was to refer it to the police .
The other two teens are back in custody .
And that series was trending downward .
Some good running from these two so far .
He was due to go on trial later this year .
She wore a scarf yesterday in his honor .
Haynes shoots way past love or worship .
And the system is repulsively complex .
Yet they are far from close personally .
Let us give him a chance and pray for him .
Summers is like an archaeological dig .
We started with a disaster and now this .
That decision turned out to be divorce .
The convenience factor is tremendous .
He gave no further details on the group .
We did both institutions a disservice .
We are taking over on the security side .
That was when things started to change .
Jewel has tibia fractures in both legs .
She needed to look better than she felt .
Not even the breaks could break the tie .
I commit to securing the borders first .
The skull was found alone in a muddy pit .
Photographers capture his every move .
These were in every respect good chips .
He is better at winning championships .
The parliament is currently in recess .
Someone is dead at the hands of another .
Their bodies were found in mass graves .
That means raising rates if necessary .
Poland has declared a week of mourning .
There was a different story to tell now .
Taxation is another issue to consider .
There is an echo of this attitude today .
Take seat licensing and naming rights .
Though not everybody is happy about it .
It shows how the barriers go up and down .
When you are old we will get our revenge .
Millions more vehicles were recalled .
Their tombs are located in the shrines .
A third of babies are born underweight .
So apparently has their relationship .
They now hope to start trials in humans .
And this whole thing could go very sour .
Patients themselves have changed too .
Baboons live with danger on every side .
Now that should make all webbies happy .
Their stories are similar in many ways .
Goldsmith was a contradictory figure .
No wonder their answers are so literal .
They also found rifles and ammunition .
It is also because he had little choice .
Because they feel like this is not fair .
I have been here and seen it and lived it .
But this is another massive test for us .
All sorts of excuses have been offered .
But the new rifles are also unfamiliar .
We really have to get to the bottom of it .
The equipment he used failed on the day .
Back to basketball and to a better show .
But he did not offer a figure at the time .
Do your best to change that perception .
Eliminate ads for prescription drugs .
No other survey details were provided .
The irony of it all almost made me blush .
Islamic militants vowed to retaliate .
Beckham did not hang around to find out .
It was time to share around the goodies .
There are other ways of looking at this .
Two river dolphins crest and submerge .
The two last saw each other last summer .
Tell me about the auditioning process .
And not all rural counties are hurting .
Not in the richest country in the world .
This may not be especially articulate .
Blagojevich has since been impeached .
He was released on bail but not charged .
But some of that may depend on this week .
A chance for an award winning shot lost .
Some theories are even more inventive .
Its not racial to vote for your own race .
John showed them his scripts and music .
Double technicals and flagrant fouls .
Last week just one bank offered advice .
They will feel as bereft we all do today .
One was the fresh lemon scent of citral .
So they continued unfriendly conduct .
Ask for a corner room for the best views .
And then good things started to happen .
And he brought all the luggage with him .
I went drinking with some of these guys .
He mastered the program in three weeks .
Some are even thrown over prison walls .
But not without the fight of a lifetime .
I identified with some of his paranoia .
The result felt a foregone conclusion .
They had to call off the rescue attempt .
Reverse roles and see what you would do .
Yet the share price has moved sideways .
Inside later it was standing room only .
There is a massive inbuilt insecurity .
He switched the subject to recruiting .
And so the character is always growing .
The rest fall prey to savage prejudice .
State mandated coverage is not all bad .
The call will be archived for two weeks.
The papers all try to capture the drama .
I recently joined the ranks of the lost .
He did not say when the rescue occurred .
He had skipped breakfast that morning .
Everyone is entitled to their opinion .
Markey said at a subcommittee hearing .
The dead also included three students .
It sounds a little like snake charming .
This is due to a combination of factors .
The children are not despairing as yet .
And he knows how to neutralise threats .
But culture does not determine growth .
This is a talented roster that is young .
Click here for the criminal complaint .
It was never a brand decision back then .
Much can change to meet modern threats .
I worked really hard to get him elected .
You are just a lap dog begging for a bone .
There is no better time for repentance .
The public was much less enthusiastic .
Macias braced herself for a long night .
They made their way to the second floor .
And robes the mountain in its azure hue .
It is true that the data are compelling .
Government strongmen ask him for land .
The first is relatively quick and easy .
The giddy streets are lined in shadows .
It was a seesaw match the rest of the way .
But the agency also has faced setbacks .
Amazon gets to read over your shoulder .
No additional details were available .
Wood and leather cabin is a total treat .
Schwarzenegger is awaiting delivery .
I think it was the best move we ever made .
She suggests offering to mow or garden .
But the neighborhood fight is not over .
Police said more arrests could follow .
Every generation needs its own heroes .
Yet a long wish list of reforms remains .
And it is out of focus in the foreground .
No recent candidate has embraced them .
They are there for the annual lucky dip .
He was wearing dark coloured clothing .
Sales continued to increase globally .
England and its backward housing laws .
The symptoms are similar to common flu .
It was believed to have been hit by a car .
He might be the best player in the world .
You may need to make your desires known .
Some homes will need an aerial upgrade .
But raising the cash is a trickier task .
It is of course a relative improvement .
It could drive a man crazy after a while .
Now she can eat them whenever she wants .
Except that she was not really singing .
Both made big splashes in their debuts .
I asked the hotel owner upon returning .
But more than four months have gone now .
Nothing memorable was done or decided .
Arias urged the nation to move forward .
It was definitely the story of the week .
The result was as devastating as a bomb .
Congratulations at your conclusions .
But the deal has faced numerous delays .
Must be the white man keeping them down .
Other forms of income have dried up too .
His face was covered from the nose down .
The schoolyard bully has gone digital .
Further calls to him were not returned .
Wells declined to comment on the tests .
His lawyer has denied the allegations .
But the story was never the attraction .
Almond butter has a bit of a fiber boost .
Leech is the next biggest shareholder .
I got my first glimpse of him yesterday .
This does not seem to happen on the left .
At first she barely left the apartment .
Politics in general are different now .
They could not wait to get off the field .
Civilians may not have the same skills .
The other half wanted him to eat a brick .
It made a change from her usual commute .
Nor were they just there for adornment .
Consent must be examined on two fronts .
I hope others can see this for what it is .
We need a president who is for everyone .
Mischarging and other sins continued .
And it was the jury that did the valuing .
It would prove exceedingly difficult .
There is no arguement to validate them .
Malbranque squirts a volley well wide .
All you have is nonsenical blathering .
That was something that marked her out .
But watch them turn out for the badgers .
This will dilute earnings only mildly .
The night kept circling back to gospel .
Temperatures are expected to plummet .
She wants to know where all that stands .
Another likely saving is on marketing .
Roma worked the crowd for spare change .
The battle was all but over much sooner .
You never forget those aches and pains .
Even cash inducements have not worked .
He was last seen hospitalized in a coma .
Bankers did not hide their objections .
They also released a photograph of her .
The vote takes place in just a few hours .
An autorickshaw was parked on a corner .
My problem of faith was talking snakes .
I guess they do it just because they can .
Its reputation is certainly weakened .
The budget deal solved almost nothing .
Drinking less alcohol could also help .
They had married three months earlier .
Things in a bit of a mess so only way is up .
The republican party has abandoned me .
Its like the dog ate my homework excuse .
This brought both surprise and relief .
The winds blow the ash towards the east .
You are invited to rearrange it at will .
It did not give a figure for casualties .
A paintball was shot against the house .
It is being sold by a private collector .
This is the first time they have done it .
Many more incidents are cries for help .
Apparently we are a lot poorer already .
The fight for good education is fierce .
His plan was to grill ribs for the group .
Discussion or mention of the activity .
Some things need to happen this season .
We are all capable of grand deceptions .
No naming the back road that leads here .
All my best friends have died this year .
Dean never married and had no children .
The most common number given was eight .
Wheat has climbed even more since then .
And a few have yet to get off those drugs .
Then they discover their good fortune .
Your guess about that is as good as mine .
Creating antiheroes is a tricky thing .
Danny needed many questions answered .
Dump a thick layer of mulch over the pot .
It is unclear how long the couple dated .
The right side of my skull only cracked .
Els has rarely been so desperate to win .
And as a consequence they are less read .
We get bricks and bottles thrown at you .
See how they feel about life after that .
There are equally tough choices ahead .
You can call that hypocrisy if you like .
I find this article rather ridiculous .
I know that this is still going on today .
That means enforcing civil rights law .
The competition goes ahead as planned .
The minutes thus far have been limited .
Battery life is a little over two hours .
Paulson and co pulled it out of thin air .
The children found it particularly so .
The axe hangs ominously on a cabin wall .
Home prices are a steal for what you get .
She also said she never wore sunscreen .
Castle had three alleged accomplices .
What they have achieved is phenomenal .
It is not the only historical reversal .
As never having left the balance sheet .
The two families are longtime friends .
Gary called me yesterday with the news .
They work the same and last a lot longer .
A pair of easels occupies the main room .
They split a pair of meetings last year .
She says she tries her best not to worry .
I hope they can change their situation .
Many think that deadline unrealistic .
Gotta head back now to the manure piles .
You are killing us with your silliness .
Thales officials declined to comment .
The younger man lost the sight in an eye .
So the customer gets a much better deal .
Photographers find great reward here .
Seychelles authorities begin search .
Every game is like a playoff game for us .
Or when you see yourself on video games .
Popcorn was one of the richest sources .
A success in terms of suspense and fear .
Such is the nature of corporate hubris .
He will not face batters for a week or so .
It is an online version of speed dating .
It would surely have been a shorter war .
There are ads overlaid on top of videos .
Several angrily confronted the group .
He said they did not fire into the crowd .
Whether it will fly is an open question .
One after the other four bodies came in .
There are new ingredients in that soup .
He was fun to watch and we grew together .
That alone would entitle him to credit .
We would have no food and no ammunition .
Pakistan denied that its troops fired .
No money in oil till deeper cuts happen .
We fear these may lead to further abuse .
Yet the night was overshadowed by rows .
Dailey also won for best male vocalist .
It was unthinkable five years earlier .
But stalled out just across the border .
Goverments are miles behind the curve .
A few smaller retailers soon signed up .
The media has never been more powerful .
But this is what keeps the battle alive .
And so we are building new communities .
The dancing went on late into the night .
Fold in sides and then roll to form wrap .
It freezes back to the ground in winter.
Second comes the push to get out of debt .
The law lords supported this decision .
Zelaya denies wanting to stay in power .
Currently they are intensely scarlet .
Our security situation is not very bad .
The friction builds fullness and hold .
But politics is an unpredictable game .
Adding that her vital signs are stable .
It is literally a lighthearted affair .
Prank calls have also proved a problem .
And yet she somehow managed to be liked .
He says his clients will be exonerated .
She said she was just following orders .
Repeated violations have been issued .
I am amazed at the quality of the images .
One endured a gash to his ribs from an ax .
Each bath is curtained off for privacy .
He could always tie it into health care .
The future will prove to them the truth .
I really enjoyed these posts on coffee .
His brush strokes are rhythm in motion .
The incident is curious for its timing .
Piles of soiled paper and plastic wrap .
Abolish half a dozen federal agencies .
It was the timing that raised eyebrows .
Details of the fines were not released .
There is evidence to support his claim .
Everything went remarkably smoothly .
Many had fought in the war at least once .
At the moment we are achieving neither .
He followed the vehicle in a marked car .
Easy maintenance is one of the allures .
Aid groups deny working with the court .
The deal is expected to close this year .
It helps that they are both good people .
Obama has begun airing in swing states .
He smiled as he left the police station .
Never totally trust magazine sex tips .
Now the junior lifeguard is a believer .
Other emotional support is available .
The next day he was found dead in his cot .
Let me answer that question in advance .
And that was despite the lower revenue .
Make him sit and watch this horror show .
Jealous steps into a challenging role .
That means all you people can be bought .
Museumgoing can be a perilous pastime .
None has faced charges or prosecution .
Orange took a spare seat near the front .
Her talent had very little to do with it .
Funding expansion is always on my mind .
Thoreau would blanche at the prospect .
Especially the police at checkpoints .
I supposed it was part of being a parent .
That is where things get a little weird .
An autopsy showed she died of asphyxia .
He will be remembered in our household .
I think this trial is about punishment .
I figured my travel karma was changing .
But then the returns started coming in .
That belief took root early in his life .
Her cookbooks might be in your kitchen .
The office at her level was apolitical .
The age of political deference is dead .
Now they want a town life in the country .
Nobody but nobody smells of roses here .
A story on what to expect at the hearing .
Colds are no longer what they used to be .
This is not a story of good against evil .
The crash also involved a tanker lorry .
His comments defied cynical comeback .
He would not say which states objected .
It is also a major tourist destination .
And he was hesitant to declare success .
As always there are many perspectives .
They were all produced in this country .
Most of the time is spent in the cabbage .
What is scary that it is a nuclear power .
The artists contribute one print each .
Abusive hours breed abusive behavior .
His owner lost her home to foreclosure .
He has not been signed by any other team .
They offered to show the boys a dead fox .
Few expect the strike to last that long .
We were given a steak dinner at the post .
More complicated is the pricing issue .
He requested a refund but never got one .
Khartoum has refused to hand them over .
That cigar thing still boggles my mind .
A passing granny eyes me suspiciously .
The rest were blank or spoiled ballots .
This is a church that is ready to move on .
Their occupants all looked miserable .
Selective memory is a wonderful thing .
Some serious reward money may be yours .
Humans are no different in this regard .
Expansion might be rewarding failure .
Desks built using recycled materials .
His foreign failings do not stop there .
The government has done nothing since .
He also took several other hard knocks .
Children reduced the chances further .
Police have charged him with burglary .
The council is investigating the case .
It was his only goal of the season so far .
But the physical aftermath is hideous .
The third newcomer was harder to judge .
Avoid shouting down a public official .
I learned that change can be overrated .
Entrees brought additional delights .
Obama has not said if he will do the same .
Police gave no details on the hate mail .
Green ideology is becoming a theology .
Martynov can take some getting used to .
The police investigation is under way .
It is unclear how successful he will be .
Then there is the lack of a clear motive .
Such a denunciation was to be expected .
The snow revealed as well as concealed .
We ambled down the middle of the street .
Salmon could not be located to comment .
Keep busy and think about happy things .
Is it not amazing how quickly we forget .
The fund will also nominate a director .
Stanford had dubious connections too .
Muscles have their own memory systems .
Such solutions tend to have drawbacks .
We no longer live under dictatorships .
And they are prepared to pay more for it .
Just refresh this page during the game .
Parra gave up seven hits and three runs .
She also captured three silver medals .
That review has not yet been completed .
Franzese explains a typical scenario .
Each new thought produces its own wake .
All the ones we sampled were first rate .
Confusion and anger broke out among us .
Jedward are interesting in other ways .
We talk about coffee and hot chocolate .
Hitchcock was infatuated with trains .
Your leaders call him a prisoner of war .
She was getting raves across the board .
It was a very emotionally charged case .
But it was akin to spitting in the ocean .
His dark blond beard had gone straggly .
Nor would the man on the horse backward .
But that strength is also its weakness .
Then the words started getting harder .
Not everyone agrees the first is vital .
Serbia has fired its own warning shots .
Bachelet did not comment on the letter .
He deserves more respect from all of us .
Shecter did not even write the article .
But there were some significant steps .
Two of the defeats have been by shutout .
When it came the call was loud and clear .
I think many here are missing the point .
And that takes time and money to do that .
The rules do not apply only to new hires .
They got out and took a walk on the dunes .
He sees no current rift in the alliance .
A real dear diary moment and no mistake .
You are trying to be clever and you fail .
A film version of one is now in the works .
This is where she was carrying her baby .
This is likely to compound the problem .
Many things were changing at that time .
Their resolve must be our inspiration .
Edwards is currently in his fifth year .
Government corruption caught on tape .
This region relies heavily on fishing .
He became much more accurate over time .
Might want to think of a different bird .
Somehow that never makes it into print .
Suddenly a huge crash shook the clinic .
What strange encounters these all are .
It is wiser to eat blueberries instead .
They are then exporting unemployment .
It was time to meet their new colleague .
There are five possible explanations .
The charge was dropped five days later .
We want our neighbors to be prosperous .
The genesis of the makeover is unclear .
He truly offers us a change in every way .
Max laughed and rode home to eat dinner .
Below is her impression of what she saw .
Fox says it has more to do with audience .
And many of them will have a slice of pie .
Anderson died a day later at a hospital .
To come and see global warming up close .
Instead another pastor took his place .
It has since raised the level to yellow .
You can go to the top and get a great view .
She is expected to reschedule the gigs .
Wednesday is devoted to energy crises .
Both are expected to hold rates steady .
Many a man falters who tries to impress .
And you know it was bloody fascinating .
He used a larger knife only for slicing .
A team of detectives is investigating .
Almost half the requests were granted .
I dropped the broom and ran to my mother .
One of them asked him if he had children .
This makes it critical to root them out .
Sweat the ingredients for two minutes .
These are clearly illegal immigrants .
I would not have let it get off the floor .
I could never vote for a wimp or wimpess .
They know little about what is going on .
The checks could arrive by late spring .
Doubts sowed by the candidate himself .
Nothing mattered now except homework .
That may be more hope than expectation .
Megan was pronounced dead the next day .
Confrontational briefings make news .
Spend a bit of time pampering yourself .
But perhaps it should not be a surprise .
I take care of them with the right stuff .
A private staircase leads to the beach .
Further interest rate cuts would help .
She was very concerned with his health .
But the list of failures is just as long .
But that was more easily said than done .
Talk about a waste of taxpayer dollars .
We reserve the right to edit questions .
The two untreated violins came in last .
It also offers an intriguing argument .
We can hear a helicopter right above us .
Happy birthday and many more in return .
Many of those who left went to shelters .
He taught a guitar electronics course .
Those are your cues to head for the head .
The mouths of the flowers are indented .
The same might be said of his unveiling .
Think of it as your retirement account .
But the cyclist has decided to press on .
Sorry to hear about your plight johnny .
Investigators declined to elaborate .
This issue is as difficult as they come .
That should be a pleasurable activity .
Use the rich lather to shampoo your pet .
Most of the dead are poor slum dwellers .
That part of the package did two things .
We went on our first date two days later .
Many on the left are thinking like this .
Season the shrimp with salt and pepper .
The injury is common in tennis players .
The committee did not provide a figure .
I dont like that type of music either bu .
Each shipment requires five licenses .
The treatment is called hippotherapy .
The trauma is mutual and multilayered .
Escrow is not an absolute requirement .
I walked up to the door and let myself in .
Mousavi has not been heard from in days .
Everybody knows where he or she stands .
He was the only one to be captured alive .
You would nod or wave to them and pass by .
Since then he has made repeated visits .
A lengthy court case proved otherwise .
Tinnemeyer will be facing a judge soon .
Supremacy was not limited to the pitch .
The hangover from all this is to be seen .
I assure you that love does conquer all .
The historical context was secondary .
We must listen to the words of the enemy .
But my success will not be based on race .
Rihanna is a role model for young women .
It was the packaging that got on my tits .
I realized that he was saying the truth .
They are interested in making a living .
A place where stuff actually gets done .
Sometimes women expose their breasts .
I would have been afraid for my life too .
Azerbaijan has large gas reserves too .
I was in your same position last spring .
The two have already met several times .
And then we ended up at our elimination .
Mormons are believers in clean living .
He only had one quibble about the prize .
Negotiating this stuff is a nightmare .
Several other names are also in the mix .
No criminal charges have yet been laid .
Investors must pay for their mistakes .
It now costs almost nothing to pollute .
But they locked in a guaranteed profit .
What sorry sad bunch of leaders we have .
An undeniable fluorescent tangerine .
He was reported killed in the struggle .
The point about faith is not how we do it .
No one expects that to happen this year .
The problems of understanding remain .
Cars were invented and they took a pass .
And that she must therefore clear it up .
There are no queues at the gas stations .
It would be very easy for that to happen .
Trophy is an active protection system .
Yet globalisation works for ideas too .
Graveyards are usually about endings .
These people play by numbers and facts .
It was not just the wound which beat him .
Ju had no problem getting hold of a flag .
Estimates do not reflect commissions .
Someone has to search for it and find it .
David that statement is totally false .
Perfect with a hot toddy on a cold night .
The going rate was two hours per ticket .
This van had delivered him to his death .
Feliciano has been superb this spring .
The chilli and shallots are essential .
But mostly it is just the time together .
The hospital says the boy is brain dead .
She was just our wonderful little girl .
Others have been less discriminating .
It is a bit shorter but has more clarity .
The litmus test of a religion is simple .
You need to relax and let your hair down .
The return trip was a different matter .
I might have to have auditions for that .
Romero may someday be declared a saint .
Rare forms have formed in both breasts .
Sabbatarianism often sounds a bit mad .
Two young men started pulling with her .
Winfrey said she will not read the book .
These are just broad generalizations .
But let me offer a more useful epigraph .
Maybe we can clone them a sense of humor .
Further tests are due to be carried out .
The hearing is likely to last for weeks .
For now they are just enjoying the ride .
Never mind and scratch that last order .
The main subject of discussion was tax .
She considered asking him to marry her .
I was on to a winner until that happened .
Those shops give them a sense of safety .
The talkback lasted as long as the show .
All he does is conjure up an atmosphere .
Now they have millions of advertisers .
This should be the real question today .
Some early decorations are excusable .
Every attempt at a comeback foundered .
Surveillance cameras are everywhere .
They are fearful of this change agenda .
This is part of the monitoring process .
Granted that the market price is right .
It is an absolute tragedy to see a revie .
Our thoughts are with them at this time .
Hundreds of soldiers have been killed .
They are getting in the way of progress .
Kerb crawling will also become a crime .
But our bad results have been decisive .
Take away that high risk shape and size .
But the event had symbolic importance .
Local economies are also under threat .
Steve had a profound impact on my life a .
The exchange is at limit to my property .
Which is an excellent trait in a leader .
And the losers are not going to be happy .
I feel close to losing all objectivity .
Ron lost with a dry but not crisp paella .
This is a huge event and very momentous .
European job losses are also mounting .
He is in a stable condition in hospital .
All carriageways have since reopened .
They will have even fewer real friends .
The administration is forum shopping .
What a difference a few months can make .
My favorite moment was the tango scene .
Neuheisel said health is not the issue .
No suggested date has been made public .
There was a difference in job security .
His approval would be the mark of death .
Gunshots were heard but no one was hurt .
One strategy is frequent hand washing .
But you could try a retreat or workshop .
But she went out there and she nailed it .
They lost for reasons hard to quantify .
We also need diversity in agriculture .
We want to know who it is we are electing .
But the main problem is road accidents .
Institute has been tracking this data.
So he tries to change their priorities .
The decision has transformed her life .
Couples love the romantic atmosphere .
Trim and rinse the scallops and pat dry .
No state has yet accepted our proposal .
Another great engine ahead of its time .
The air also turns blue with profanity .
The children were diagnosed last week .
Cynthia is deaf and visually impaired .
It has had a somewhat tortured history .
Clashes continued throughout the day .
Part of the cordon was lifted at midday .
No deciding vote was taken on the issue .
But they tend not to be western pundits .
This is not a time to be triumphalistic .
There are two kinds of celebrity crash .
International embarassment as usual .
Civilians were shot dead in the street .
Her agent recommended the lower offer .
Now we can go seven months without rain .
Everton will be happy enough with that .
Calculus is the mathematics of change .
Skaggs painted people who looked dead .
No construction skills are necessary .
The postal service wants to avoid that .
Here are a few of the best destinations .
The reserve of goodwill went bankrupt .
Mack has retained his role as chairman .
To view this on a single page click here .
Specific plans will be announced soon .
She discovered their worries are over .
A compatriot paved the way for victory .
This poor guy is really full of himself .
She was found nearby in the early hours .
Yet both sides look merely ridiculous .
Why the judge awarded him house arrest .
He had only five homers before the deal .
They did everything other than kill me .
Underneath the model are five screens .
Syracuse wants the other guys to shoot .
Ultimately we will get what we deserve .
He is unpopular and behind in the polls .
Repeat until all cheese has been added .
Neither departure makes a lot of sense .
He was only weeks away from coming home .
Then they should receive annual shots .
The detail is no less gripping for that .
They can raise money on the open market .
There are scores of tribes in the south .
But the furry creature had other ideas .
But it is also one of the most important .
He was a picture of everything he is not .
The children and adults are very lucky .
Most states follow the same principle .
Intervals are not tuned as we tune them .
Cheerful service adds to the cozy vibe .
But the sites are expensive to develop .
Michelle has some of the missing money .
But a turnaround is likely to take time .
The proposal divided teaching unions .
We all have a date or dates with destiny .
Students were tracked for seven years .
It did not give details of all bookings .
He needs runs to consolidate his place .
Downie was not immediately reachable .
External factors account for the rest .
Someone had tied his hands and beat him .
It was a mistake that has proven costly .
He left without speaking to reporters .
The coalition talks could take months .
Consumer advocates welcome the trend .
Persons attempting to find a motive in .
The shrine remained open for visitors .
The work is too much for any individual .
Most have had to be shot and put in a hole .
The job was once considered glamorous .
Police have not confirmed the account .
It is one of the features of the contest .
But few people believe the government .
He needs to build a durable government .
But he did not see these as predictable .
One woman was trapped in one of the cars .
But all this is the purest speculation .
They moved in together two years later .
Mazen has also felt the effects of this .
They want to remove all our privileges .
But now they may be ready for a third act .
Their mother was a physical therapist .
The houses they pass are dark and quiet .
Sexual orientation often plays a role .
Home prices went up too far and too fast .
Wales has also seen waiting times rise .
Another corpse of a man was discovered .
Scotch does that more easily than wine .
I can see how hackers can give him pause .
It is nothing less than heartbreaking .
He was a different kind of entertainer .
Scandal attracts better than success .
Each store has its own payment methods .
But he said she no longer feels that way .
But the process had made him very angry .
The treasures have not been recovered .
And yet here you are still complaining .
A rope around his neck was tied to a tree .
Unemployment is still relatively low .
The answer may be staring us in the face .
For example if we talk about education .
Pretty much the cart pulling the horse .
A rep for the network would not confirm .
Mothers can get very bitchy and snidey .
We look at popular doomsday scenarios.
Halpin met the parents at the hospital .
Britain would be wise to listen to this .
So here is my suggestion for the summer .
I am the proud mother of one of these men .
The industry appears poised to comply .
Being rigid in your views is a weakness .
Smith took no further part in politics .
More details will be provided shortly.
Moreover they make everyone paranoid .
It was a comment meant to get a reaction .
He was finishing his military service .
It just seemed different and exciting .
My god man have some sort of compassion .
Your child cannot be raised by another .
They are not angels coming from the sky .
It got a lot better for me as time went on .
Scotland have two professional clubs .
I just figured it would always be there .
Florida has four months to get it right .
The environment is deeper and thicker .
It may actually be a trap for some women .
She has the talent to conquer the world .
But too much fecundity can be a problem .
Icahn could not be reached for comment .
What this evolution tells us about him .
By no means is it time to abandon stocks .
These visits have a pretty good payoff .
There were no reports of power outages .
He will travel with the team on the trip .
Recent history offers reason to worry .
Schulberg was not alone with his fears .
They keep their worries to themselves .
The ones who can dance know who they are .
I mean it as synonymous with happiness .
It has nudity and some strong language .
I screamed and screamed but no one came .
Choosing a jury will be a crucial phase .
What a narrow minded viewpoint that is .
Abandoning his campaign is not enough .
They would drop him from a great height .
That is why pressing on is such a gamble .
This newspaper hopes the answer is yes .
Both are true and false at the same time .
He is dead and still has yet to be buried .
But so far not for public shareholders .
The economy is bringing us in the dumps .
Worry eased if not completely removed .
She also said rapes have been reported .
That is a fact that we can no longer deny .
And some of the new stocks are illiquid .
Zou said the affected area was limited .
That is the lodestar of the whole thing .
The appropriate ending of this matter .
No other country would put up with this .
I hope the door is a little more open now .
Sandoval came up big two batters later .
That looks to me like wishful thinking .
So he did what desperate candidates do .
Her conviction thickens that curtain .
He never even had to check into flights .
And the family is happy that he is happy .
Several factors have fueled the shift .
It is really important to have a debate .
They were not identified immediately .
Many school officials are taking note .
Ground troops accept additional risk .
Alumni magazines serve many purposes .
Pots are denouncing kettles all round .
Obama is an embarassment to our nation .
Police told the passengers to run away .
Click here for a downloadable leaflet .
And that is not necessarily a bad thing .
Admiration wrestles with perplexity .
I read this twaddle over and over again .
Nagin has brushed off past criticisms .
California found these a popular item .
It follows a consultation with unions .
Maybe one day that will become the norm .
So the villagers are drowning in opium .
The pair deny the charges against them .
I hope to make a swift and full recovery .
The world is getting wackier by the day .
Home sales and home building declined .
Beware of anyone who tells you there is .
No date has yet been set for the retrial .
And we all needed her maternity so much .
It felt like a defeat rather than a draw .
They were all jumping around at the end .
The result will affect all our futures .
She was also an excellent hairdresser .
The bartender definitely sells drugs .
Residency cannot be taken for granted .
He will serve at least two years in jail .
Please sound off in the comments below .
Friday after they got into an argument .
Bad luck struck him twice in the desert .
Obama has called the practice torture .
Canada will participate in this study.
The easy steps have already been taken .
It remains my secondary email account .
Anything less is a dereliction of duty .
The services strategy is long overdue .
Nothing has changed my mind since then .
You can smell it just stepping outside .
Both meetings were secretly recorded .
They continue to appeal for witnesses .
About a quarter were repeat customers .
The internet is by its nature anarchic .
Memories can have an unpleasant taste .
This man should not have been arrested .
He is now being questioned by officers .
Far too much money is spent on politics .
None of the men was carrying a passport .
Serve with a tomato and red onion salad .
It has since abandoned this as a policy .
This is what costume designers create .
Yet there are no demons in this surface .
Their party has also been quarantined .
Or perhaps he gets a generous discount .
Her mother counseled against running .
Right up there with getting knocked up .
She contributed to his work on leprosy .
The paperwork arrived after his death .
Broader stock indicators were also up .
The two are probably not the same today .
This does not mean there is evil or good .
But the volume of traffic is picking up .
It has already announced painful cuts .
Campbell just makes some people cross .
Some ruling circles appear to think so .
The man later died of related injuries .
Corruption in the state is nothing new .
There was plenty of it back at the hotel .
The future was just recently so bright .
They are much more politically astute .
Serves me right for trying to be clever .
Obama is a doofus with this health bill .
This page is temporarily unavailable .
Sometimes you have to look a bit deeper .
Vincent said in a telephone interview .
It does not even mean the email was read .
And then the story became even weirder .
Let the debate on that choice start now .
I just wanted to make stuff and have fun .
Plan outings at the park for the family .
But he can play better and he knows this .
But some birds may still be struggling .
The reward had changed their attitude .
We actually have a steady state system .
Rising oil prices are hurting big time .
But the media doesnt care about our own .
Those are not the actions of a parasite .
Half our salaries go to the health side .
But some of those who roll the dice lose .
The landscape is certainly evocative .
Details of refunds are expected later .
Cattle has been dispersed everywhere .
After a scuffle both men were arrested .
Both parties face a bunch of primaries .
Joints are also covered with a capsule .
There are high taxes on petrol and cars .
He then addressed those in attendance .
Both buildings were reduced to embers .
Watford committed defensive suicide .
So go ahead and get into debt if you want .
This is but one more sorry example of it .
America has made this mistake already .
That is the subject of the last article .
They see the picture as black and white .
Send your queries using the form below .
This is an enormously important point .
I liked to sleep in the corpse position .
Again an example of no shame hypocrisy .
He was greeted with a fresh wave of boos .
He is the second candidate to be killed .
Enjoy it with oysters or seafood salad .
The new group is not forming a new party .
Then something interesting happened .
Rwanda denied its forces are involved .
But he thought of himself as one of them .
A soil geochemical grid was completed .
Bernanke pointed out the discrepancy .
There are things you are useless at too .
We like to think they need our sympathy .
He categorically denied this in court .
But to provoke this row now is perverse .
The road is something of a comfort zone .
They already wanted the two to break up .
He had a mobile cart used to brew coffee .
Saturdays without mail will feel like .
Georgia also wants the same treatment .
But a range of other costs moved higher .
Now residents are focused on recovery .
Some aid made it through the obstacles .
But the small talk came to an abrupt end .
Congress might not be much help either .
Obama keeps on piling up the victories .
A circular memorial now marks the spot .
The object turned out to be a hairbrush .
Opponents risk appearing xenophobic .
That means no lights and no television .
They are taking the country to poverty .
Police are looking for a fifth suspect .
Thousands of jobs are being protected .
He seems an unlikely target to go after .
Larosilieve was one of the first there .
That was the only repeat from last year .
Outsiders are met with menacing looks .
But seemingly not in great quantities .
You really watch this movie or you flee .
The system exists for almost no reason .
It is the gateway to all possibilities .
She has since quit her job in childcare .
The plundering gone and no more income .
But the time for that excuse has run out .
But proponents of the system disagree .
Contact each tour company for details .
The stench smells like an opportunity .
It is not clear which day the rocket hit .
The sky sure looks like it wants to snow .
She had marked her favorite with a star .
Traffic during rush hour is appalling .
My boyfriend has given me an ultimatum .
More historic buildings lost forever .
The bodywork is made from carbon fibre .
Both sides have vied for his attention .
Please share your thoughts on the film .
He gives me an interesting assignment .
The father is contesting the decision .
Jones drove in three runs with two hits .
It would pursue any claims for damages .
He says the man was a guest of the cousin .
It also was extended to include unions .
Most fizzy drinks are bottled disease .
He then took me on a tour of the property .
He said tests ruled out food poisoning .
I enforced all laws very aggressively .
Our enemy uses these images against us .
His extended absence has caused chaos .
The pot was easy to make and cheap to buy .
He then turned to the group of suspects .
Leave to cool slightly before serving .
You start with topical and head inward .
No accountability or responsibility .
Democracy is the best chance for women .
Leteasha has weight issues and asthma .
It will be a tremendously popular move .
No vagina workshops when we were there .
In the hope or belief that they will not .
There may already be a few rays of light .
The problem is that rail has shriveled .
The global village has another effect .
He declined to name the other finalist .
All were released after paying ransom .
The cosmic news broke without warning .
Now we have government run television .
But no one inside the house was injured .
The first person to finish the run wins .
Lasers are not the solution to malaria .
They are so careless with human beings .
Combine all items in a blender with ice .
Banks will pay fees for the guarantees .
Studies of obese mice help explain why .
His approval ratings were in the teens .
They cherish their nice old buildings .
I think it was absolutely right to do so .
Further analysis is hardly necessary .
People are going to their own villages .
The prices fell and our fortunes ended .
Two cottages are available for guests .
The other spreading risk point is time .
The political convulsions have begun .
Travel is always a potential disaster .
I knew people would be interested in it .
Four people are in critical condition .
Buses were old and belched black fumes .
His industry background is extensive .
But humor has to be delicately applied .
The same themes pop up with regularity .
It had already been delayed by two days .
Perhaps that is how he should be judged .
A premium version adds other features .
It is the same with you and a cricket bat .
Lunch is usually a sandwich at his desk .
This felt a bit more like an event curry .
We also had the facilities modernised .
Get back in the closet you little freak .
Improve the soil with organic compost .
Tens of thousands have yet to be vetted .
I found him myself only through chance .
Palin is an artesian well of ignorance .
Only a third of it is accessible by road .
Some of that may have been ideological .
I have a mixed response to this article .
Take off the heat and ignite the brandy .
For some it was their first time to vote .
The sound of a hovering helicopter was .
Ostional is pretty impressive anyhow .
We see this and will not follow blindly .
Their names have not yet been released .
He voted for the package on a test tally .
We have had only one showing since then .
Then we hear our plane has been delayed .
No one has been charged with her murder .
Offenders face up to six months in jail .
The memos offer only a part of the story .
It is causing some traffic disruption .
He could afford to trust his instincts .
Auto credits enjoyed a strong session .
He did not provide any further details .
A shotgun was recovered from the house .
But buyers still face an uphill battle .
Then the couple headed for the airport .
But they ended in failure months later .
The deal was several times subscribed .
Floor debate was equally contentious .
I feel like it is becoming more natural .
This can be achieved only by buying big .
There is no similarity between the two .
And then there is that tail pipe thingy .
Projects are selected by competition .
Jones remains suspended from the team .
He really has no match on the other side .
She said she hopes to get the phone back .
File some charges against these perps .
The damage is visible in the whole city .
This now puts your account into credit .
He is to be replaced by two new villains .
You better believe he can see it coming .
Image rights are a part of this process .
This law should never have been passed .
Each location could be plotted on a map .
Nobody was injured during the trouble .
Sales have grown through word of mouth .
But opponents say the move is too risky .
There are some great choices on the net .
The second sent me ducking to the floor .
He faces life in prison if found guilty .
And absolutely no restroom to be found .
Twenty leaders constitute a big group .
Suleman has not responded to the offer .
My understanding is he had a half smoke .
Viewers of the show responded quickly .
It is the shoulder he had the surgery on .
I told him what the book dealer had said .
There was something he had to tell them .
It happens a lot with second marriages .
Banks are quite good at the small print .
All the staff can participate with him .
I asked my wife this very same question .
This show abounds with such surprises .
Be prepared to leave your comfort zone .
But technology cannot fix everything .
But there can still be homage to the old .
Buckles said it is a common occurrence .
Home prices show a similar disconnect .
Heat the olive oil in a large frying pan .
But for some students it is far too late .
Chasing the blond girl at the bar or not .
We need to do a much better publicty job .
Increase intensity for eight minutes .
The trick is in creating the proper mix .
There are three big reasons to doubt it .
Click here for the latest competition .
Haidl is a key witness for prosecutors .
Kulusuk is a remote and isolated place .
It went on like this the rest of the game .
I can see your argument as far as it goes .
And it is all to do with scientific egos .
Take the facial plastic surgery thing .
An indictment is merely an allegation .
Good luck to all of us in this endeavour .
They get over it and things settle down .
But she still thought the war mistaken .
And then he brought out the dead babies .
Equity is the key to a competitive rate .
The series has been utterly brilliant .
Not that the groom has much to do with it .
Maybe redheads really do have more fun .
We cheered them as they left our shores .
But she resisted easy classification .
Officials seem to exclude foul play in .
An excellent well researched article .
There is no prospect of further appeal .
This came after a bumper first quarter .
That will probably change after today .
Never leave a hot stove top unattended .
Place a sprig of mint into each tumbler .
Pieces of furniture were flipped over .
Put the cream cheese in a separate bowl .
This would have ended the racism claim .
Dozens of top reformists are arrested .
The book excels for three main reasons .
He was pleased to see the armed escorts .
Copenhagen has already been a success .
But word of its power is getting around .
But rival technologies have improved .
This touches upon the redefault issue .
Thank you for your continuing support .
And the lobbyists are trying to kill it .
This is called an adjustment reaction .
Arvizu said it was just a matter of time .
The property may have been vandalized .
I have lost all faith in our government .
It also leads to serious misjudgments .
Its staff knows the city inside and out .
Eleven others on board escaped injury .
Alexi refuses to address these issues .
Brand power is increasingly critical .
Two people were killed in the last week .
He plans to keep flying under the radar .
Their trial is expected to be next year .
He was assigned to the patrol division .
I have no chance in hell to escape the ax .
I really do welcome these commitments .
We put a lot of effort into these things .
Cerezyme is currently in short supply .
But clearly he must be taken seriously .
Justice belongs to the well connected .
Five of the injured were firefighters .
Another third will be term appointees .
Thank you for reviving those memories .
She loved always being with the family .
Only it does not change my perspective .
The reality is that she is way overpaid .
Correct change is always appreciated .
But they may not speak for the majority .
Insurers also dislike the provisions .
I spend my days as a first grade teacher .
He was taken to a hospital for back pain .
He blames the presence of journalists .
Thatcherism had no theory of the state .
At least the guilty player apologized .
The foreman would have known his place .
Now another troubling crisis simmers .
But that discussion is for another day .
He tried to pull her into nearby bushes .
Khadr would serve the lesser sentence .
Chelsea have a good deal more to ponder .
Hillary is much the same as her husband .
Keep an eye on this unlikely dark horse .
That money would have meant a lot to her .
They lost every footrace to the basket .
But there is more to her pride than that .
But that information is hard to obtain .
Leather straps hang above their heads .
When he moved into business he hired us .
Both my sister and her baby almost died .
It plans to add croissants and hot dogs .
He had been on the court for four months .
Her staff were incredibly rude to them .
They promised the law would be changed .
They just started burning everything .
So advertisers are holding out on that .
Some people will do anything for money .
He raised the chain high above his head .
The car was bad but the ad was even worse .
And he was playing quite marvellously .
Three pirates were taken into custody .
This is such good food for good thought .
There are other issues to be discussed .
Obama is a twit for making such a choice .
Mail is blocked only on rare occasions .
This hair shirt attitude does not suit .
Fisher felt he had got the ball cleanly .
The world as we know it will continue on .
But he is not yet ready to leave himself .
Six cars were damaged in the explosion .
It is neither efficient nor equitable .
We could walk the milky way on his snout .
The first is more quantitative easing .
The phlebotomist wore a trainee badge .
Yet his shots never seem to go straight .
Influence once lost is never regained .
Another vulnerable sector is finance .
This is getting totally out of control .
They can do nothing to help themselves .
This can be a recipe for a championship .
The president has refused to do either .
I was lucky compared with many victims .
I have visions of people hitting my car .
You wondered if this were not overkill .
Im not talking about on the books or not .
Cut the pumpkin into segments and peel .
He will still head a supervisory board .
In that it will be a remarkable success .
Karzai needs to approve any execution .
I was more into that mode of expression .
You trade your bike for the one you want .
The charity serves widows and orphans .
Your syllogism seems quite sound to me .
They will tackle burst pipes and leaks .
Several are in bankruptcy protection .
The robbers left few clues at the scene .
The bill he signed today does just that .
He also had defence wounds to his thumb .
They lost in the first round both times .
Nor is his coalition close to collapse .
The whole experience is around an hour .
I still have an attic full of this stuff .
Purchase equipment that fits the plan .
Traffic is now said to be back to normal .
A solitary crane stood in the shallows .
But what it basically points to is this .
Troops detained the owner of the house .
But politics presents only one hurdle .
Taxing bonuses is a poor proxy for this .
Hostile fire was ruled out in the crash .
This is expectations for his audience .
A lump of coal in your stocking for that .
Let me just make that clear at the start .
But this was not just a day for boldness .
That sort of content is proliferating .
Hear snippets at summerskissrecords.
Yet hardly any are ready to marry again .
And watch your bag in the crowded souks .
Obama control scares the hell out of me .
He said his solution strikes a balance .
He can talk to anyone to stop being mean.
It is all taking a toll on expectations .
This is an embarrassing way to get a nut .
You can have it ready by the fall season .
Bring to a boil and turn down to a simmer .
He still strode away from his pursuers .
So they are shrinking their loan books .
At least one of the dead was the patient .
He tries too hard to tick too many boxes .
Iraq is just one piece of the entire war .
They are not ruling him out for the game .
Scutaro started the game with a double .
Many residents know each other by name .
The dollar pulled back against the yen .
Getting to this point was the hard part .
And they just get great benefit from it .
His game was lost to tension and nerves .
He stretched out and surveyed his cell .
I wanted him to do what he felt was right .
I have had quite a few disappointments .
Most of us will only travel if we have to .
A decision is expected this afternoon .
He remembers what he wants to remember .
The push to reach the young makes sense .
An irregular heartbeat was diagnosed .
Airfares have plunged in recent weeks .
But they would not be deployed that way .
Bhutto and those with her were not hurt .
Answer for yourself and leave me alone .
Other politicians were less gracious .
Some liberals see an uncertain friend .
Forget the money issues for the moment .
It has always been a sport of the people .
None of these reasons has any validity .
Islam has always ruled by persecution .
You took the words right out of my mouth .
He was the one who has divided the party .
Our readers really are an educated lot .
We met up and fell in love all over again .
It was the gaffe heard around the globe .
He says he was just looking for answers .
Rivera sounds like a real piece of work .
The economic damage could be enormous .
Remove the lemon slices when you serve .
It took five years to make it habitable .
His spokesman is playing down the idea .
I could not be prouder of our committee .
Twitter was not the only site affected .
His rivals are talking about a boycott .
Programme of nationalisation begins .
Utiashvili said there were no arrests .
Yet it would be even harder to turn down .
The officers suffered minor injuries .
And they each came to it in their own way .
The thirst is far worse than the hunger .
His sons have not visited him in prison .
It may even be contributing to obesity .
Except that this is not necessarily so .
Much the same could be said of the music .
Baya is coming out of hospital tonight .
It was unclear when debate would begin .
That can happen in the middle of a plate .
They have been asked to contact police .
It is a view shared by business leaders .
Buster retired from the show last week .
Right thing or wrong thing is relative .
I imagine it would be pretty difficult .
The glaze becomes a thin layer of glass .
Hanna says no suspects have been named .
Jones leveled the score with a penalty .
Larrance brings up an important point .
Evans won the fight in a stunning upset .
Perhaps he is on best behaviour with me .
That seems much more interesting to me .
Oxford has a less formalised approach .
We always knew our climb would be steep .
Chris was just the the ultimate father .
In our hood we tend to avoid them anyway .
This has caused a stir in the arts world .
Our frustration was abundantly clear .
We should try to do as much good as we can .
Not a bad way to go if you want to go early .
Companies have simply stopped hiring .
The havoc created with guns continues .
Both the baby and her parents survived .
Many have their own training programs .
I can only play six chords on the guitar .
Incentives differ from state to state .
Do you feel we should be paid a pittance .
Israel will stand from now and forever .
Chicago had won its previous two games .
The news is not good for pigs these days .
Terms were not immediately available .
It has since said it will not join at all .
And still it refused to reveal its hand .
He loved being the center of attention .
In any case no one has to keep their baby .
The nature of the problem was not clear .
But their sizes are already published .
There is something different about me .
Historic plaster should be cherished .
This type of thing happens frequently .
The underlying cause was not revealed .
Change jobs and expect the microscope .
Indeed it is slightly better than that .
But that surely is why it is a great play .
It brings back some horrible memories .
It has been a year of the underdog so far .
Surely it will be all plain sailing now .
High seeds are a part of that tradition .
He struggled on the most basic of moves .
Five players scored in double figures .
Send us your memories and experiences .
He was scheduled to perform at the show .
That is the only thing they can teach we .
There is enough experience elsewhere .
That is what we were telling ourselves .
Each family member also wrote a letter .
He had forgotten part of his paperwork .
The warning was lifted two hours later .
Not a terribly consumer friendly move .
Let them get jobs or otherwise qualify .
Piles of garbage litter the scrubland .
None required a special journey to see .
The cook makes only vegetarian dishes .
The price of oil has also been climbing .
We really have to get moving on that one .
His mother thought he had robbed a bank .
Leave your furniture arranged as it is .
My breath comes in shallow white puffs .
Two suspects are being held in custody .
The campaign is not without precedent .
That bipartisan consensus is now gone .
Operating expenses are on own vessels .
The bridge was then cleared and closed .
Ellie was one of the true unsung greats .
He was curious how they knew about them .
It sealed off about half the cathedral .
The police station parking lot is full .
She insists her lawyers were mistaken .
What you think is not necessarily true .
Anne has started us on a walking regime .
Her family were woken up by her screams .
The truck driver suffered a broken leg .
I was fresh meat to the hungry men there .
I was kind of like smoothing things out .
The older rooms have a nostalgic charm .
Other measures will be laid before you .
Cases of police harassment may reduce .
Some of them have policies of settling .
He obtained the same results each time .
He had been doing that since he was a boy .
The identities of the men were unclear .
Asian markets closed lower overnight .
Eventually the problem was diagnosed .
I picked up a magazine and tried to read .
But she said the policy is under review .
Brunetta sees other sources of growth .
I believe that is called bad defending .
Oscar still has his original eyebrows .
The astronaut turns on his flashlight .
Her mother is black and father is white .
Except when markets are in bubble mode .
They could even face the death penalty .
Plans are going to have to make changes .
The balance of power remains delicate .
He has better things to do with his time .
The central issue has been overlooked .
Football is engaging us more than ever .
They refuse to surrender and open fire .
Herrera says no decision has been made .
Such unserious attention had to chafe.
I will never take my career for granted .
But the food is certainly the main draw .
And we knew how steep our climb would be .
Season the rabbit generously all over .
And then it happened again the next day .
Performed with zest by a sterling cast .
The same applies to fiscal statistics .
Garnish with ground coriander leaves .
Police said he had been beaten to death .
We would get the children to applaud us .
The new fair play rules will see to that .
Prices have been slashed to fill ships .
She has become the bane of my existence .
Their fur is black with white ear tufts .
But the reality proved very different .
He was on an international expedition .
Dawes scored after following up a miss .
These kids know it and act accordingly .
Police have already opened an inquiry .
It has worked before and is working now .
Her appetite is more for conversation .
Maybe he is more subtle than we realise .
I was right in the middle and had to hide .
His standards are as demanding as ever .
They want and need divisions to remain .
Better than those terrorists deserve .
His children also make short speeches .
That is what makes his stories so vivid .
Benedict later condemned the remarks .
Sex offender pleads guilty in death of .
Federer played a few of them yesterday .
I advise strongly against this answer .
He faces an assault and battery charge .
Agree on the fix it here at home comment .
Johnson has said his bit to the players .
But he is quick to put it in perspective .
Has potential for chemical ingestion .
I had very little experience with that .
That goal should not have been allowed .
The three were swept from the truck bed .
The situation has only worsened since .
Recent events would seem to suggest so .
Better work habits from our young guys .
Crosby then was at his playmaking best .
The whereabouts of the dog are unknown .
There was no statement from the police .
He has bogeyed only two holes this week .
The causes of that poverty are complex .
Neither candidate quite fits the bill .
He said the soapstone was mined nearby .
And many would like to see no caps at all .
Some of them were quite extraordinary .
I was s omewhat surprised at her energy.
Distribution systems can be hopeless .
The other options are far less studied .
So it could not be water contamination .
Some nerves filtered into his players .
Mathis is out with a quadriceps injury .
France has been told to pay her damages .
Let us await the outcome with interest .
The bank has not confirmed that report .
I thought that was smart and important .
What fun to see the sun and the sky again .
She was spending her time sewing dolls .
By dive number five he was placed tenth .
But things are not exactly as they look .
It would kick off with a huge explosion .
This might justify a higher valuation .
Property prices were still subsiding .
He actually ran a bit farther than that .
Wishing her a full and speedy recovery .
There is no video of her alleged attack .
It was that the university fought back .
Lieto made a strong move on the bicycle .
Godden was simply raised differently .
Not a bad place to earn you money either .
He quickly threw cold water on the idea .
It begins with two minutes of dressing .
Larose was listed as the guest speaker .
But none of us really had any illusions .
This is linked to higher intelligence .
I have to conclude my friends are right .
But people have heard it over the years .
Clemens adamantly denies the charges .
China denied the charges in the ruling .
That the death went off without a hitch .
He drives up to the mousehole and stops .
The others are being held without bail .
Other times the failure is deliberate .
The evil exists within the individual .
The circumstances were not disclosed .
He has been working on this for decades .
He said he considered that chair a loan .
Poor roads can add hours on to a journey .
Financial details were not disclosed.
Democrats think that the answer is yes .
The company is appealing the decision .
I know you understand this heartbreak .
Service is quick once you do get a table .
David looked up rules and regulations .
His words were in a memo issued to staff .
I know he will be looking for a knockout .
This means better food sources for man .
Time to recharge batteries and move on .
Paramedics failed to resuscitate her .
I still love to play football but never .
She spends most afternoons lying down .
He ran upstairs and he ran right into me .
Bratton eventually resigned his post .
Salinger took his solitude seriously .
I am very proud of this accomplishment .
He allowed four hits and struck out six .
No tights were ever tighter than these .
It also helped flatter their earnings .
I wonder whether that is all a bad thing .
Republicans are killing this country .
The name of the buyer was not disclosed .
Dozens of fellow workers wait outside .
He clearly has not stopped all morning .
He jumped up and down rather excitedly .
Pea green is used to provide a contrast .
Duffy grew up in a socialist household .
That will be the biggest thing for them .
Dropping fewer calls would be keen too .
But her fledging home is still fragile .
He has drawn denunciation and support .
I was in charge of taking care of myself .
Recall how things work in normal times .
Salary commensurate with experience.
I start to feel lonely and a bit useless .
A bulldozer stood ready to move debris .
But that surmise turned out to be wrong .
That process must start at the very top .
What they saw has never been explained .
These are far in excess of genuine mail .
Flowers died about seven months later .
Greek police clashed with anarchists .
We were told we were going for a holiday .
He is showing he is president material .
Two arduous hours later and we were off .
Switch off lights in unoccupied rooms .
He claimed never to think about his age .
The bay scallop is a notable exception .
Four people later died at the hospital .
It is something we have long argued for .
In the late game of the evening session .
Communication from then on was scarce .
Home appliance sales were almost flat .
That would serve no redeeming purpose .
Many riders groaned about the weather .
It is more technical than his last book .
Nobody has yet to be formally arrested .
Davies is adroit at shielding the ball .
England have to sort this out or give up .
None of these issues is easy to resolve .
Murray faces a daunting quarterfinal .
But the skies looked nothing like that .
He recieved counseling and schooling .
The goal was confirmed by video replay .
It has been over a month since the death .
And she was not the least bit surprised .
These three elections are a good start .
But clearly something needs to be done .
It may also be a measure of voter apathy .
That state holds its primary next week .
Her mother was supposed to be cremated .
Of that there can be not a shred of doubt .
Airbus did not give a value for the deal .
Olsen is a freelance writer and critic .
People took the cheap food for granted .
The judge was so biased it was not funny .
This raises the stakes significantly .
All he did was whip republican behinds .
No one had canvassed me to sign a letter .
Forgiveness does not mean acceptance .
But two issues deserve consideration .
Five people have been released on bail .
Farming has always driven the economy .
It simply is not working that way today .
These people need to be locked up badly.
That seems unlikely in the near future .
Bryant is also charged in his shooting .
She could try zeppelin racing instead .
Both sides are suffering from the spat .
This has been the best day in a long time .
But it can be used for good at some point .
We remodeled kitchens and built decks .
It gave no details of their discussion .
Farris stooped over fresh animal dung .
Much of their aid is overtly political .
Malvo then printed and signed his name .
Watson proves golf is a game for old men .
Whether we prefer posturing to action .
Broader stock index futures are mixed .
Wind chills were expected in the teens .
And those were the ones who admitted it .
A bunch of scum that should be in prison .
I ask if she had ever seen her sob before .
The policy applies only to broadcasts .
They toppled and defaced gravestones .
I am old enough to make my own decisions .
Use the form below to send in your query .
And things grew a little testy early on .
There must be an election in the offing .
That is why we completed this research .
Please continue to change the subject .
Wikipedia has its standards and rules .
They tried to bludgeon it over the line .
All we have got is a stubby little tower .
A ruling was not immediately expected .
She gave each of us pieces of furniture .
I vorked in ze bathromm zere as a urinal .
They celebrate when she opens her eyes .
European shares rose in early trading .
We have missed him in the national side .
Maybe you have an inferiority complex .
I am not really a motorbike jacket type .
Expect results after four to six weeks .
Three other lawyers remain in custody .
My triggers where stress and nitrates .
We moderates appreciate all the facts .
He was wanted by the authorities there .
If she brought the experience level of .
Eighth graders now have a casual lunch .
She is compassionate and cares deeply .
The views from the top are spectacular .
The novel prefers things in plain view .
We wanted what we saw everyone else had .
Either state could swing the election .
She was two months pregnant at the time .
A more flexible action is three hearts .
Each week she must budget stringently .
They were hijacked earlier this month .
Foreigners have remained keen buyers .
Set ground rules for clothes shopping .
So most people are using their watches .
The players are taking it all in stride .
He was tracked and found by a police dog .
No officials would speak on the record .
I cannot do tricks and things like that .
The show has been eagerly awaited here .
The match itself was a different story .
That would send me into an instant coma .
The man on the phone said he was a lawyer .
It seems that he decided to take action .
But a closer look unveils an ugly truth .
The focus of the lawsuit was on mercury .
Seize opportunities to get organized .
As politicians we do not have the right .
He was unhurt and taken to a secure unit .
I admitted defeat and dived into a tent .
They are not looking after the old yins .
Polls have showed the matchup is close .
It said all the victims were civilians .
It was just more abuse and more battery .
The debate over evolution is evolving .
And neither one of these guys says much .
Everest and its neighboring glaciers .
His identity has not yet been revealed .
He has not followed her political will .
And they also know my work is important .
They were ordered to remain in custody .
Those who returned found new problems .
That means it should be getting better .
Lescott may have hit his glass ceiling .
Her benefactor took the opposite tack .
He left his house and was forced back in .
This example was not so great after all .
Autonomy is not imposed but postponed .
Put them in the most challenging roles .
The country still has fighting spirit .
Yet this was anything but a coronation .
The important thing is to correct them .
But the rest of the state was less lucky .
Some of them needed medical attention .
Media and gossipmongers are such scum .
The move delays the return by two years .
But the measure still faces a long road .
What a freak show prime time has become .
She was ultra smart and very efficient .
This would be no minor accomplishment .
The trial is expected to last four days .
Defacing private property is not cool .
An appeal for the federal designation .
It prefers to believe the world is flat .
After that the marathon was a cakewalk .
The four huge doorways were glassed in .
And that was my prosecutor experience .
The network said there was no contract .
He also moved quickly on another front .
Look at the market for memory hardware .
He will train and work with the physios .
Precise statistics are not available .
But these days there is a huge appetite .
August should be an interesting month .
But their work was frustratingly slow .
We wish you health quickly as possible .
But there was more frustration to come .
The restaurant does not serve alcohol .
Like some phuckkkkin freak from idaho .
They wreaked vengeance unofficially .
The area holds important oil reserves .
Take a sneak peak at the latest trailer .
I panic if a train gets stuck in a tunnel .
Some promising technologies fizzled .
His reasons for not returning are many .
It could also give a fillip to revenues .
He looked uncomfortable and shrugged .
Most of the report is unobjectionable .
Nidia insists that she is his daughter .
But these are not legally enforceable .
In practice it has been a mixed outcome .
He assumed the panel would do a good job .
Many children lost fathers or mothers .
I mopped floors and stood in chow lines .
This is the last time the world has seen .
Thompson also faces criminal charges .
That is unwelcome for any central bank .
The statement did not provide details .
These are all things worthy of respect .
Most of those neighbourhoods are gone .
Washington is buzzing about baseball .
That may be for philosophical reasons .
He then set up the clubs for nine tricks .
There will be a big void in all our lives .
Undercover officers then grabbed him .
The producers are very lucky to get him .
He said he believes the boy is innocent .
Bass got the last two outs of the inning .
I mop the house with one bucket of water .
His attorneys maintain he is innocent .
It was the sharpest knife in the drawer .
The cap would expire after three years .
It was also foreseeable and avoidable .
Service breaks riddled the second set .
I think you have to take life as it comes .
It was the largest invasion in history .
It can mean long shifts and late nights .
And it would cost the taxpayer nothing .
Hale said that issue has been resolved .
Obama provides weapons to terrorists .
Being boring is fashionable right now .
The other is a special fluorescent dye .
But it grows steadily worse from there .
Smoke was bellowing from the top floor .
He now faces a month of rehabilitation .
He is not divulging anything that is a s .
Children and dogs can also be a problem .
Yet another potential blow to the poor .
Some of them are saddled with children .
Most were as surprised as the rest of us .
This is no more than a statement of fact .
Like the dinner table scene last night .
But it might be unwise to bet against it .
Rules are rules just like laws are laws .
The beauty is that no one got a free pass .
You can do that on your phone easily now .
They cannot spend it on other services .
Everybody was covered equally crappy .
But not everyone is happy with the plan .
But meanwhile the headlines are awful .
Do they overplay their hand sometimes .
You had to laugh and cry at the same time .
She was given a pain patch and released .
The top five players of the weekend are .
Clearly the fall has been interrupted .
What a pitiful disgustingly slimy lot .
Dry conditions have fueled the flames .
Single men never have any toilet paper .
Miles tells him to pull down the window .
Another five dozen people are missing .
We got to work imagining the scenarios .
This one is totally one that is by birth .
There are even some cute kids involved .
All of this technology comes at a price .
It took me a moment to locate the amount .
The city is looking shabbier than ever .
We sat down to talk at the kitchen table .
Nor is transport the only application .
All of the parties declined to comment .
Companies can make significant gains .
It almost makes you long for sharia law .
There were no reported traffic delays .
Possible gang link probed in arrest of .
And hid her poems in the dark of drawers .
You work well when getting things done .
She tells students they can do the same .
Texel is virtually covered with sheep .
I knew these idiots never read the bill .
That is a recipe for further disasters .
Lest he forget where the gift came from .
One can embark on a new period for talks .
Tiger will find another blond in a year .
Front page news all across the country .
None of the accused have entered pleas .
Our biggest weapon was our enthusiasm .
But it certainly has political appeal .
Counties and streets are named for him .
It would not put her ahead in that count .
Cars were exploding one after another .
The cover of darkness can be dangerous .
This is a complete turning upside down .
And there are other encouraging signs .
Aid workers have been held at airports .
His eyes lolled about in bewilderment .
Certainly human behaviour can change .
Financial stocks led the market lower .
None would comment on the allegations .
He says no one on the ground was injured .
One further operation is still needed .
I have never been close to anyone dying .
Crime has been falling for two decades .
Even the special teams were ambiguous .
Accident and emergency remained open .
I imagined what if this were my parents .
Life will never be quite the same again .
Pray that the critters do not come back .
Welcome to the world after high school .
His details have not yet been released .
Masks and colorful beads not included .
The preferred care was to be fostering .
Never trust the motives of a socialist .
That is government via taxpayer money .
Smith does not like to dwell on the past .
My only hope is for peace for my country .
Could undercut democratic arguments .
We thought love would make it possible .
Analysts say this is highly ambitious .
It has not been scheduled for trial yet .
His wife divorced him after his arrest .
They had an undefeated regular season .
The pictures really are kind of creepy .
I feel eyebrows enhance the whole face .
A similar scheme is being piloted here .
It is sad but that is the way things work .
The liberals are ruining this country .
They got all this attention from women .
The landlady also suffered a black eye .
Public anger was now greater than ever .
Philadelphia won nine games that year .
Charles seemed too casual in practice .
Henry was shy and spoke in a quiet voice .
Hamas opposes an international force .
Then they discovered two were missing .
He collapsed soon afterwards and died .
The woman was too ill to be interviewed .
You are precise and dispassionate now .
She kept her foot pumping at the ground .
Shell signs oil exploration contract .
Then it became clear it paid for itself .
It may be a lady a a person holding a sign .
Shae refused to eat anything but salad .
They immediately gave it to the nation .
The defendants have not entered pleas .
It is now banned from council premises .
Both embryos successfully implanted .
Not on the part of those with skin color .
The committee voted to hold rates firm .
But everything changed with one swing .
He should really be cross with himself .
The victory was his ninth consecutive .
You can stop clutching your pearls now .
The players union declined to comment .
The whole class just stood and laughed .
I never played rugby at primary school .
He is breakfasting on vodka and orange .
Two civilian bystanders were injured .
The gas price has collapsed worldwide .
And now there are other reasons to rent .
Better as pyramid or bush than a cordon .
Passengers step in and lift their arms .
Place the dough in a lightly oiled bowl .
Will bring you full team news as soon as .
That is part of the business of banking .
These flowers can last up to seven days .
Locals said there was no sense of panic .
Many feel singled out by the proposals .
The two full baths have stone vanities .
I think it was her expressing her views .
Two and a half hours after you posted it .
None of my doctors can give me an answer .
The new coach got the team colors wrong .
Thousands of trees speckle the plains .
But probably not until early next year .
It cannot legally impose a blanket ban .
He even became a cultural icon of sorts .
The forecasts are on an adjusted basis .
Dell has since downplayed the reports .
Big words were being spoken elsewhere .
The result could be a more sober market .
There are a large number of casualties .
Japan also has the luxury of being rich .
Only the color of the language changed .
Police are carrying out further tests .
It is not unusual for him to say nothing .
It was a similar story in the second set .
That was a narrower loss than expected .
But there is an equal and opposite joke .
One that stands out more than any other .
I am essentially a very private person .
Another factor is food contamination .
A garage and several sheds also burned .
He kept a journal documenting his life .
It is down to functions and structures .
Woodson left the game with a toe injury .
Boone has not played the last two games .
The situation is being reviewed daily .
Thanks so much for writing this column .
Pakistan deserves a chance to survive .
However policies are not implemented .
He is behind bars awaiting sentencing .
Ian is a member of the local tennis club .
This was regardless of sleep position .
Medellin was arrested a few days later .
Money and fame often corrupt young men .
I also try to buy my groceries with cash .
The show opens to public at the weekend .
Apple could not be reached for comment .
This sure was their best short program .
Some are brilliant and indispensable .
Hunter was an aide during the campaign .
The world may as well go completely mad .
She concedes there has been confusion .
The outline is sent to the studio again .
Many marriages can not take the strain .
But fuel prices remain a major concern .
Dai ordered the closure of the smelter .
Bodies lay strewn throughout the town .
Lupul threw his head back in disbelief .
He was bleeding from just above the eye .
Many are families with small children .
I felt empty and life felt meaningless .
Their country has become a huge prison .
We have changed her name to protect her .
He should stop hypocritical policies .
He says it is not a route he wants to take .
If you think the military is a big issue .
He could hardly sleep he was so excited .
Blanton has said she intends to appeal .
Or at least as big as the gold medal game .
No more tourists were being allowed in .
But emotions seemed to run just as high .
He said he had been sent to take her home .
But pity is not an emotion you ever feel .
But a secession would not be unanimous .
He came to a team and got beat by a rookie .
I was very curious about story telling .
The industry is not gouging the public .
Everything else is subject to reality .
He could reach the table only on tiptoe .
We never sat down at the table together .
But the girl withdrew her allegations .
It is unclear whether that will happen .
The right is now using it for their gain .
That process could take several years .
The country has tried fiscal stimulus .
And it should be a choice they make to do .
A little stereotyping can go a long way .
More automakers are joining the trend .
They will never become brain surgeons .
I agree that good content is important .
I love my socialist roads and highways .
It could have been bologna sandwiches .
Chain saws growled as trees were cut up .
Apple juice finished last in this test .
You have to try to change things subtly .
Inappropriate dancing is also banned .
Try a pummelling in a steamy bathhouse .
The sea was a long way from my childhood .
Within a few days there were thousands .
So you still have to get wet or sunburnt .
At the end of the night came the scoring .
He fouled out late in the fourth period .
That is not what the majority asked for .
God makes us suffer as we make it suffer .
He needs some counselling in humility .
She has been in the sante longer than he .
It was given oxygen and treated by a vet .
Now he had to put a lid on the excitement .
Hundreds of thousands have responded .
Michael you are the most talented ever .
Educated people without common sense .
Friday after two women got into a fight .
She has been placed under house arrest .
The judges give him a standing ovation .
We need an extra edge in these big games .
That was the reason for the reluctance .
Fifteen minutes is generally perfect .
He was was evasive is all of his answers .
We are now many months into this crisis .
All of them were only four shots behind .
Two sons and two daughters survive him .
The celebrations showed what it meant .
Always looking for the forward chance .
It remains to be seen where that will go .
Three years is an eternity in politics .
But had this come along seven years ago .
A healty dose of skepticism on that one .
Others were simply heading out of town .
No such groundswell has materialized .
The attack continued into the bar area .
But tomorrow we need to get down to work .
Or bound to fail to get something right .
There is no product like it in the world .
Each of those problems were corrected .
The exercise has since been suspended .
She was told to kneel and close her eyes .
He opened fire with a grenade launcher .
I remember being so stunned by the news .
Central government could adjust that .
The discussion continued at the bench .
He has really serious mental problems .
He was then able to download the images .
Income statistics here are more solid .
She led us tonight with her confidence .
Rock could not contain his excitement .
The show of force imposed a tense quiet .
It is a greatest loss to the music world .
Red tracer flew towards the buildings .
Polls put them virtually neck and neck .
The two had their first child last year .
Divorce proceedings began soon after .
Cleveland may have had the best player .
She was treated for a minor head injury .
Distractions could have played a role .
Both campaigns have denied the claims .
Airport runways were also closed down .
Four soldiers were among those killed .
Some children at home do not have these .
She fingerpicked as loudly as a busker .
A lot of people have been assassinated .
She is placed on three years probation .
I think it is sad the papers are folding .
Keep the ball and you are in with a shout .
Some products remain in beta for years .
View our tasteful selection in person .
The grains still had their sharp edges .
Repeat several times a day if possible .
That helped to spur demand for imports .
So celebrate the beauty and the terror .
In the wrong hands they could be leaden .
It could be fluctuating temperatures .
We were all enriched by the experience .
Nothing was where it was supposed to be .
Court records do not list his attorney .
Alesha looked nice but sounded stupid .
He is remembered with great affection .
Late arrivals could bump up the number .
We should have zero tolerance for that .
The complete debate schedule is below .
Case apparently and hopefully closed .
Soldiers spilled from their vehicles .
He was not breathing when they arrived .
But she has not issued new regulations .
I got a job as a vacuum cleaner salesman .
Two recent studies point up the trends .
He earned my inflammatory flag as well .
Social change is faithfully recorded .
This match has still to be rescheduled .
Vietnam was just a small family matter .
They still feel a need to redistribute .
Expectations are crucial in politics .
It makes them fade into the background .
He sought to bring his mother to justic .
The is all very common in lovers brains .
The business of pawnbroking is not new .
And black women on the glamour spreads .
Pet psychics may just be the new normal .
He said he recently visited two of them .
Activists now want to deepen the probe .
Even men saw working women as superior .
They believe it washes away their sins .
Leave the occasional pot smoker alone .
I loved kids and but could not conceive .
The drug can be diluted within liquids .
The actress was not required to appear .
It is something he vehemently opposes .
They arrived here by different routes .
Clock gets power from consuming flies .
The reporter tries turning the tables .
But the two were involved in a land deal .
Williams risked his life for his limbs .
A draft of the order leaked last summer .
The common currency in a prison is fear .
A glass of wine may be good for the heart .
And the hits keep on coming for neocons .
Tennessee continued its hot shooting .
Such rocks would be granitic in nature .
They were not immediately identified .
There are all kinds of famous examples .
The findings mirror national figures .
The two men have met three times before .
This is a tragic and grievous incident .
And there is no geographical boundary .
Twelve crew members were also on board .
Not one of them has ever heard his voice .
She said more research needs to be done .
That bureaucracy is being tackled too .
Put it all together and it spells gloom .
She did not give a reason for the hiatus .
But he did not try to overpower hitters .
The nation is divided on that question .
This is successful population ageing .
His ideology is fundamentally flawed .
Every single measure of time improved .
The second is the question of legality .
His injuries were not labeled serious .
Pretty good return on your investment .
He also singled and scored in the fifth .
Understand your money personalities .
And be more or less honest on your taxes .
Not every film is so obviously weighty .
We can only imagine what did take place .
This career was interrupted by the war .
Plagiarists try to cover their tracks .
A different team returned to the court .
His focus is now almost entirely on gas .
You said you were a fan who writes songs .
This week he faced a different reality .
Tour de force of perverse ingratitude .
Janey could not be reached for comment .
But the model needs some nips and tucks .
What may sound easy is quite difficult .
It expects a shortfall in a decade or so .
Jeter studied the ensemble and smiled .
The websites follow a similar rule too .
Beye had not scored in nearly two years .
These action plans have much in common .
Many of the injured had hideous wounds .
A great friend will help you move a body .
He said the hotel did not suffer damage .
Then men should lend power to the women .
We must not squander that opportunity.
News it was all a big misunderstanding .
They said he had had no outside contact .
Get ready for a truly amazing fire sale .
He was supposed to be on a business trip .
He drew three charges in the first half .
Edge was the only one who stayed at home .
The industrial revolution continued .
He said he represented his family well .
This helps to prevent fungal diseases .
England are sinking fast this morning .
Give the electorate a firm commitment .
Please stop swivelling your eyeballs .
Armstrong practised on it tirelessly .
She said the streets are full of people .
We are grateful to them for the support .
James would hardly have recognised it .
Get over yourself and take a math class .
The problem is not just black and white .
Your husband knows you dislike his mom .
One seizure alone involved seven bags .
The other departments did not respond .
This brings us to your second question .
This is a big name for a very old problem .
This always leads to more consumption .
That should be watched with reverence .
The statement did not mention victims .
They were meeting the local sales team .
But dozens reflect simple sloppiness .
It was sort of a narcissistic exercise .
The stage will be just as busy this year .
Spend more on prevention and research .
For all you out there that believe that .
You talk about the dirty little secret .
Smoke billowed from at least two sites .
Females search for the superior sperm .
We talk for the first time about tennis .
I am optimistic they will achieve that .
Property owners are feeling the pinch .
Leadership starts with good judgment .
Since there is real content online now .
We tend to think of kids as imaginative .
Most of these have yet to be discovered .
I was so calm and charming and gracious .
Man is making is lot of noise these days .
Every poem seems to start from scratch .
Her last two shows were black and white .
Staff can appeal against the decision .
Seeing the hole caused a lot of emotion .
I smile back in a noncommittal fashion .
I cried more than once over his passing .
Several potential minefields remain .
Gregarious in nature with a wide range .
Paul plucks it off me and throws it away .
It always is after a shattering defeat .
So unmarried partners are ineligible .
This should have been my greatest hour .
It is not known how much they paid for it .
Bradley homered to center in the third .
Because of the increased costs to them .
Teahen went deep leading off the third .
It was a fitting end to his strong night .
I just need to finish watering the lawn .
There may not be clear cut ways to deter .
I speak with the young kids about sport .
Their pleas may be falling on deaf ears .
There is no compromise with you people .
The detectives would probably appeal .
Amazing how you libs will turn on a dime .
It was unclear when the ship was seized .
Kurth learned this lesson the hard way .
The details of the market are stunning .
The judge deferred a ruling in the case .
Restaurants are in a similar position .
Tourism is marketed using these views .
But worthy language will not be enough .
Some people may get in the very next day .
I printed the note and put it in a folder .
Looking for the simplest explanation .
Those are colors that are chosen for us .
Pakistan takes advantage of this deal .
Decide up front how much you can afford .
Thirty years later it was so different .
Gas and electricity are going sky high .
Thousands of people fled the fighting .
Critics say this would be impractical .
Until they went off their medications .
Missing seeing that would be terrible .
Take responsibility for your own life .
A jar of liquor with a crack in the glass .
We must anchor growth on firmer ground .
The opposition was also quick to react .
There are quite a few ignorant stories .
For some it would no make no sense at all .
He made no plea and was released on bail .
We will do our best but you are part of it .
Bit of experimentation is a great idea .
The arm rests from their cockpit seats .
Father and son shared little in common .
Shannon is now in social services care .
A local teacher was among those killed .
They were the comeback team all season .
One wooden bathroom cabinet survived .
Two ancient sites stand out in his work .
His time at boarding school was lonely .
There was something to be said for that .
Investment in science and technology .
He said he saw the opportunity as a gift .
Renegotiating its debts will be tough .
Financial details were not disclosed .
Neither company returned phone calls .
Any other reason they give is nonsense .
I buy the glasses the water is served in .
The donor network declined to comment .
The flat was severely damaged by smoke .
But trade flows are terribly lopsided .
Our budget will begin to dig us back out .
They left choking to the other nations .
A life of perfection and buckets of sun .
We are in such a vicious cycle right now .
Nor are the problems confined to towns .
The disaster has also cut coal exports .
It is not yet known what has been stolen .
You know the saying about one bad apple .
Jones was less certain about his plans .
He found the fortitude to fend them off .
The two men passed a breathalyser test .
The panel set aside their convictions .
Sounds like another eventful evening .
Spring is here and people were smiling .
The rolls can be frozen prior to baking .
A revote simply would not happen there .
And she was always there to calm me down .
The situation now has the air of a farce .
Republicans have reason to be excited .
There were no arrests by the afternoon .
What it has to offer are true believers .
Even that became grist for his critics .
Freeth admits that time is running out .
The nature of the offending is unusual .
He did not take part in the final sprint .
It could also impact his state pension .
I simply could not match his finishing .
The decision was made public last week .
We are approaching that tipping point .
Corporate outfits are struggling too .
But it could be having second thoughts .
Try to schedule power naps after lunch .
One small window looks onto a corridor .
Look for the research that goes with it .
No police were injured in the shooting .
But his season totals were astounding .
Most simply took on the extra training .
There was a gravel and dirt parking lot .
Coltrane was unavailable for comment .
Other areas are more straightforward .
Could be an ominous start to this match .
Bring to a boil and remove from the heat .
This is todays republican party folks .
Take opportunities as they come to you .
You may be infected and not even know it .
So hoarding your points is not helpful .
Montagnon had a different imperative .
He kept his many war medals in a shoe box .
He reached for his glass of fizzy water .
Iqaluit hotel bomb scare a false alarm .
A test is available to see if you have it .
Less clear is the scope of the comeback .
You might get more respect from people .
His is due back in court later this year .
But this is where the similarities end .
There is something terrifying in this .
That was the greatest thrill of my life .
Church leaders urged them not to panic .
Business groups mobilized in protest .
Simpson has denied guns were involved .
These are her only words on the subject .
I think he has a problem with atthority .
There might be a few of reasons for that .
Secret addresses from stylish people .
Technology you can get your teeth into .
All are moisturising and long lasting .
I was very grateful for that insurance .
His mother went into a deep depression .
The driver had been painting her nails .
I think the me now would have been handy .
Her daughter is a figure skating coach .
That requires a cool hand at the tiller .
The caretaker asked where we were from .
But it is hardly mission accomplished .
That takes time on the training ground .
Everybody wants to swim with dolphins .
Civic organizations are springing up .
The government says he had other plans .
Suarez scored on the ensuing spot kick .
Work is expected to commence this week.
Hunger causes disease as well as death .
Officials said the death toll may rise .
The wind whipped in from the northeast .
Glucose and insulin levels skyrocket .
There are additional benefits as well .
Libya has repeatedly denied the claim .
That is looking like quite a challenge .
The author needs to clarify this point .
The effort should be an interfaith one .
American manufacturing is in decline .
The questions were polite but pointed .
But there were a few bright exceptions .
This is called distributed computing .
But here he seemed positively spooked .
He is described as critical but stable .
We think those numbers mean something .
I am looking for numbers to back that up .
Some residents were refusing to leave .
I guess that in itself adds to the drama .
The biggest thing for me is my approach .
The constitution meant nothing to him .
But it was far more than just a race plan .
Another died in a single vehicle crash .
Or they could try to opt out on their own .
You seem to find it hard to see beyond it .
The poster is literally stick figures .
I wish people would rant less and make m .
They joke that this is their honeymoon .
Another three are under construction .
I caught up with her a few minutes later .
This brings a ripple effect for others .
The conclusion is the same on every one .
There is also some terrific sculpture .
Critics of the plan fall into two camps .
But whether you believe her is up to you .
Pick a location that suits your tastes .
The swarm can cope with disruption too .
And eventually somebody has to decide .
The second girl was wearing a white top .
Most residents are still yet to return .
After the election comes the aruspicy .
That is not my view and it is not the case .
Stick with the rabbit ears and rentals .
They have not been charged with a crime .
Allison acknowledged the bottleneck .
Her eye for colour is not so surprising .
You are the reason white racists exist .
Four others were given life sentences .
The second man has since been released .
But we take all competitors seriously .
Hamer was married with three children .
The word fault does not imply a mistake .
The scoreless streak died in the first .
The inseparable pair then hit the mall .
My utility company has a social tariff .
You were never notified of that change .
Her name and age have not been released .
Primary schools will reopen next week .
It comes seven years after the attacks .
She left the firm after less than a year .
Bunnings been in the senate a long time .
Being denied is of course frustrating .
It marked the sixth month of expansion .
We dont all move out when things change .
Be cautious until you understand more .
There are women of all ages taking part .
You might also want to try a humidifier .
But she ended up becoming a prostitute .
Read a brief history of the flu vaccine .
Gaze on in awe at our organic lifestyle .
They cheer when the stock market falls .
Thank you for being an astute listener .
All of the above errors are on my record .
The value of the family home is eroding .
Litigation takes time and costs money .
It will go a long way to sealing the deal .
I tend to love little nuggets like that .
I am naturally happy with great energy .
There is an ongoing human catastrophe .
Their mother was injured in the attack .
That was not quite matched on the field .
That way it looks like you know someone .
Nowadays he spends considerably more .
And it really has been like an invasion .
I use photographs or images from water .
Birds can be a major hazard to aircraft .
Success can wipe charges off the books .
At peak hours the traffic moves slowly .
It involves a lot of prints and imagery .
The trash can almost stayed on the curb .
Everybody starts spending that money .
The second issue is crisis prevention .
He said four were in serious condition .
He needs to do his job on the track first .
Much better ways to handle the problem .
See the top ten worst video game movies .
He was also an enthusiastic orienteer .
Further tests are set to be carried out .
Other insurers face similar problems .
But look at what has been accomplished .
The invited audience prepared to obey .
Indoor lighting can trick your camera .
So there are indeed mountains to climb .
Orders must instead be recited by rote .
Until then there is plenty to worry her .
You have to do philanthropic outreach .
They are newly afraid of unemployment .
Sometimes we killed him more than once .
High profile player on a free transfer .
They worry about the social safety net .
American ugliness was not hard to find .
I get along really well with my parents .
We watch for the comebacks and emotion .
This is what they denied was happening .
The defense deserves even more credit .
I think reality has now really hit home .
The others must rein themselves in too .
The financial system remains fragile .
Time for her to dash to a preshow dinner .
The charge is laughably inapplicable .
It is understood the woman was trapped .
And he considered architecture an art .
And rooms are stocked with organic tea .
One or two others have tended to cop out .
And every monetary economist knows it .
Read the dogma in fine detail sometime .
The list of seeds you can sow now is long .
They did murders and kidnapping for us .
He gave no other details of the lawsuit .
The bears he knows are timid creatures .
The local street food was outstanding .
They are not allowed to compromise her .
If it does it will truly be a great thing .
His leadership hopes never recovered .
Conservative legal activists agreed .
The stench of dead bodies fills the air .
I told her this new novel was wonderful .
Out came a flowing river of molten iron .
Nobody should sow the seeds of discord .
You can do them from one week up to a year .
Ask your doctor for a simple blood test .
The adults stared for a short eternity .
Many debates have had specific themes .
He was held for precautionary reasons .
It is not too late for him to think again .
Then you could feel deeper vibrations .
The process usually goes on for months .
You have to play absolutely at the peak .
As a writer this is a very serious issue .
I wanted to understand that narrative .
There is definitely a disconnect here .
You cannot help but fall for his charms .
They also share a deep religious faith .
And he argued vociferously not to do it .
Scientists can fall into the same trap .
Whole parades of shops were abandoned .
Jam possible for experienced players .
There was little interest in teamwork .
This is a crucial moment in our history .
The fears and division are still there .
Trial is expected to last about a month .
They only differ over how to achieve it .
The media were happy to feed the frenzy .
Renegotiate the crew stopover hotels .
State troopers attacked the marchers .
Yao made a homecoming of sorts himself .
Seen this play more than once in the mid .
We have no knowledge of a mega yacht yet .
She was a working mother of three girls .
Babeu refused to add a security detail .
Intel gathering does not mean torture .
Local officials also promised a surge .
They just seem to be our natural rivals .
Rarely have consumers been this tight .
He can demolish barriers like no other .
Add sponge cake crumbs and pulse again .
School incentive programs are not new .
We stay home a lot and watch television .
Or they will have by the end of the month .
No bodie knows what happen to the money .
This year we changed the rules a little .
That in itself is a big accomplishment .
Thus they chose their bliss carefully .
Finding new sources of energy is vital .
My heart was pounding as he approached .
He soon sought bankruptcy protection .
But the payout came at a crippling cost .
Stocks slip as investors take profits .
You could do a lot worse for three bucks .
Getting the balance right is very hard .
Exact event dates are being finalized .
In many ways he belonged to a bygone era .
Both deals still need league approval .
The ukulele is the sound of not working .
The bowler returns quietly to his mark .
The new jobs will double the workforce .
Make lunch your fancy restaurant meal .
Many of those loans will default again .
It is a bond of deep emotional richness .
Not all consequences can be prevented .
It worked the same in either direction .
Three gags miss for every one that hits .
Bigger chunks can be seen as fireballs .
That acceptance is significantly new .
The scene is hardly set for compromise .
Major housebuilders almost went bust .
Architecture was in the family as well .
It makes me think about how time passes .
Accuracy and efficiency are improved .
Indeed it seems to me likely to be right .
He had fought step by step in the courts .
Several have been killed nonetheless .
Opening an account is certainly legal .
Two others zoom in on targeted regions .
The spiky trunks show up well in winter .
There will be a big turnover of players .
Servatius has made use of that emotion .
Spend around three hours a day grazing .
Taiwan has also granted technical aid .
They have certainly been there before .
This ought to precede all his articles .
The lines make for good insider laughs .
It is closed to the media and the public .
I want to punch these people in the face .
Many in remote villages lack latrines .
The occasions have always felt forced .
The study findings do not apply to them .
But eventually it came through for you .
She stares straight ahead with a smile .
But this has always been your campaign .
Two men were detained for questioning .
Or check your latest quarterly report .
Restaurants never sleep on some ships .
The weapons and munitions were seized .
Probably sooner rather than later too .
Executives gathered for a golf outing .
The court rejected two religion cases .
But she was never removed from the home .
International arbitration now looms .
Rising profits are always heartening .
Her husband had disappeared in the war .
Meanwhile the dancers clap and scream .
Obama is not accused of any wrongdoing .
Other departments could be coalesced .
Yet they are scraps worth fighting for .
Texas lost for the first time this year .
It would give us an economy on steroids .
Cricket is larger than any individual .
It was embarassing and uncomfortable .
Some looked like mechanical reptiles .
We try to find out what really happened .
A frantic guessing game has broken out .
Their pay is the right to sell the skins .
Circuses keep elephants to entertain .
The new study contradicts that theory .
Can somebody please killl this column .
This is not a saint we are talking about .
Scatter over the dried fruits and nuts .
Jazz also makes frequent appearances .
His grandmother would have been proud .
The riot police had already been there .
His recovery process has been lengthy .
Both parties doth collude against you .
But we can offer you some very nice beds .
Several investigations are under way .
I did not win the longest drive contest .
But it has every reason to take its time .
Eight people received minor injuries .
Hard graft alone is not a magic formula .
Shoot him he put his hands in his pocket .
There were scarcely any cars to be seen .
The numbers just keep getting scarier .
Desserts include chocolate beignets .
Maybe the system would get the message.
And the software can do amazing things .
Our society has no use for these creeps .
Whiteside also had five blocked shots .
That is a red herring of the first order .
Fiscal stimulus will be slow in coming .
We would be nearer to finding the truth .
Getting the news meant he could go home .
Mothers get hammered whatever they do .
Two good serves gets him out of trouble .
He just needs space in which to breathe .
Politics played a big part in the delay .
Dodd has just written his own obituary .
Most took refuge at a nearby clubhouse .
There would not be a second playoff win .
Yours is not the only sector in turmoil .
Reestablish what makes him different .
Make a fire escape plan for your family .
A sleep study confirmed his diagnosis .
It always gets people talking about it .
Fixing cars morphed into selling them .
Others were sheathed in gray body bags .
Recall that is not all of cars are wrong .
But it does seem right to be asking them .
So young to have her life swindled away.
Eager young candidates are jumping in .
The happiest quarter is less cheerful .
Then we will ask you about compromises .
We need to find a way to make this happen .
There are alternatives to the mandate .
Parliament is now beckoning people in .
Two new cables are planned for the area .
The callers either hang up or walk away .
Computers do the job even more quickly .
Original thought that some should try .
That tells you how passionate they are .
But there are a few notable exceptions .
Not much was putting it on the high side .
A dozen other schools also made offers .
Graham has been banned in the meantime .
Jackson is the only one who backs her up .
Wells also threw three interceptions .
These works reflect new surroundings .
But the reaction is too deep to control .
The announcer said things had changed .
Never mind the question of resolution .
He has learned the value of experience .
It can also be a rocky path to greatness .
Their plight is even more poignant now .
Such seriousness extends to the staff .
No hipster wants to be called a hipster .
A new levy could raise a similar amount .
It is used by bacteria to make biofilms .
Our finances are completely separate .
He served more than six years in prison .
The ultimatum appeared to have failed .
He may be trying too hard to be original .
Ramirez did his best to spoil the party .
It is also moving to the television set .
Someone has to buy these and fix them up .
This strikes me as far more preferable .
So far they have done much better than a .
He also seems curious and intelligent .
Breakfast with his wife and daughters .
Thousands of rapes went unprosecuted .
The conditions remain to be ironed out .
The time for frivolity may soon be over .
Talk about tearing this country apart .
Their profitability was transformed .
Petraeus has worked to bridge that gap .
Sometimes they positively revel in it .
Church leaders reject such practices .
You cannot blame him for his reticence .
Even in the face of widespread arrests .
I am therefore appealing to the nation .
And there is no answer to this question .
Several lodges cater to snowmobilers .
Volcker said it clearly and perfectly .
I was so stressed out as you can imagine .
How quickly things change in football .
Everyone has the potential to be great .
Even the thought of it makes me shudder .
A few children played in the farmyards .
Coughlin followed shortly afterward .
We used to vault over fences for a laugh .
Nothing was taken from the third house .
Try not to picture myself living there .
I recently returned from a year abroad .
Click here to view photos from the trip .
She had now separated from her husband .
Supposedly they taste like hazelnuts .
Their passion carried into the stands .
Only now has their story become public .
Monterroso realized she was barefoot .
Then life put those choices to the test .
Atkins is becoming a handy polemicist .
Wear it over colour to make a statement .
At least this will be all over next week .
This one lasted almost three and a half .
This is not the only example of its kind .
But there is a fundamental difference .
Analysts had expected a sharp decline .
His sister went to work to support them .
But the misery will stretch on for days .
They think that it is a technical fault .
Still viewed quite fondly on the right .
What we cared about was that he was real .
It is good to know that you are being fed .
I tried it and it made my skin feel great .
Laws prompt exodus of foreign workers .
They give in to cramps and the distance .
You need never see another human being .
But there are a few other shapes as well .
I would outlaw cigarettes on the stage .
Robots that play musical instruments .
Obama has separate meetings with them .
You do not understand either position .
The cause has already been identified .
Another stroke risk factor is smoking .
I think her mum has persuaded her to lie .
An executive order has the force of law .
There may be something wrong with that .
And the numbers have soared since then .
That sentence is just and should stick .
Proportional representation please .
They also feel being treated unfairly .
Davies has never escaped his rich past .
Property was relatively inexpensive .
Presumably they just added economics .
In some cases they have been a disaster .
It is still early days for the industry .
I am glad my parents taught me what to do .
Some secrets do in fact have long lives .
Unless the new kind are more expensive .
And yet we flirt shamelessly with risk .
That may be wishful thinking on my part .
Never mind that he was tied for the lead .
Let me give you a little history on that .
But it is our children we are punishing .
He said the the audio was only part of it .
Such is the case at countless weddings .
So you have to invent the missing words .
Democarts must stand up to these thugs .
Her neighbor was not at home at the time .
You will soon be history and your party .
No one knows if he will be a good manager .
Not one is rooted in present day action .
The region is becoming a major hot spot .
He feels that the media have judged him .
To make it visually emotive of comfort .
There are three major items on the bill .
And joining us now are two key senators .
There is a bright side to those numbers .
There are other huge challenges ahead .
Barak will remain as defense minister .
Rates are collected by local councils .
The man was booked on an assault charge .
He clearly has a lot of work ahead of him .
The performers are yet to be announced .
To many kids the summer means swimming .
And there are variations on this theme .
Luongo said he tipped it with his glove .
Few can afford to fight a second crisis .
Illegal aliens need to be shipped home .
The first revival was my introduction .
The majority of them are very thankful .
There were no names for the two victims .
The same can be said of this screenplay .
None of the officers involved was hurt .
Karzai gestured at his own empty chair .
Wrap with twine to keep a compact shape .
Two others were in critical condition .
Things are less clear regarding chads .
But nobody expects this to happen soon .
We should debate this without rancour .
Six lawmakers also were among the dead .
It will be a massive achievement for us .
She said she hoped there was room for me .
The church did not say who paid the fine .
The sale is expected to close this week .
The range changes throughout the year .
The airline did not identify the woman .
Choose your travel journal carefully .
State testing confirmed the findings .
It was his first ejection of the season .
Her campaign has struggled since then .
Some of them left their luggage behind .
It is proof tomorrow can be a better day .
They should start preparing right now .
People can be so horrible to each other .
Heather bored her and had to be avoided .
He has been looking for a job ever since .
She screamed and asked a friend to look .
That also makes them a tempting target .
It would be better to cut it altogether .
Buy a present for the guy you are dating .
For months we met at the police station .
The fire did not disrupt fuel supplies .
They were repelled by security forces .
Banks and credit markets have dried up .
Whether it makes sense to ban handguns .
His friends presented him with a watch .
The signs are to be taken down next week .
This does not bode well for the vaccine .
Even when there are substantial leads .
But he was a master craftsman at acting .
Whitney finally seems at ease with him .
But the law banned smoking of all kinds .
Invariably they ask for money up front .
You seem to be under a misapprehension .
Their bodies were dumped beside a road .
Your browser does not support iframes .
Unemployment will rise into next year .
This summer brings a measure of relief .
But it would not affect the mad cow risk .
Others held prayer gatherings at home .
The memory still brings out my blushes .
Put fish and meats in the coldest spots .
It said an investigation was underway .
They come from the city and its suburbs .
He has since been buried in his village .
Lawsuits and class action may not work .
She said a third worker had been killed .
Sounds like leadership material to me .
The cause of the crash remains unclear .
Breast cancer is on the rise worldwide .
Most republicans like to be tea bagged .
Soccer teams played to empty stadiums .
Mississippi still has plenty to spend .
Both men claim to have won the election .
Both companies have been losing money .
I thought buenas noches was good night .
Yet she was passed through every round .
She is not doing her husband any favors .
This may turn off some potential users .
Oh and those who stand to make a fortune .
The number will be published next year .
Instead they are being taught to steal .
The covers were on and the roof fired up .
But its independence would be limited .
Eggs have been laid but failed to hatch .
A ring makes it no more or no less secure .
It is one of the infernal joys of cinema .
She died about an hour after the attack .
Would this story receive the same medi .
Two people suffered smoke inhalation .
I wanted to know whom he was supporting .
States needs to be a wartime president .
Myers got better the longer he pitched .
Sometimes my boy comes to watch me cook .
Both of us felt contented with the deal .
He stays two nights and then swims back .
The market in humility is thus soaring .
She is currently in a stable condition .
The occasion is a fitting one for today .
Firefighters hosed down the wreckage .
She was appreciated by all who knew her .
I fell into the wall and broke two teeth .
Everybody rubs his belly for good luck .
May the sun shine on you as you read them .
He certainly looked rested and healed .
I would certainly not make raised beds .
He also called on the banks to lend more .
The explosion happened shortly after .
For her best screen performances rent .
And management should follow through .
Police said the man suffered a cut face .
It can suffer from a lack of legitimacy .
I love turning nothing into something .
She badly wants to see inflation abate .
He certainly has history to back him up .
She also suffers from claustrophobia .
So he knows where the candidates stand .
About half of the students are parents .
It is the classic engineering problem .
His current problem is very different .
No point being mindlessly supportive .
The policy divergence is even greater .
Supporters say he has gone into hiding .
Because then the women would be better .
It was my cufflinks banging on the desk .
He spoke on the condition of anonymity .
The condition of the child is not known .
At the cemetery the bitterness was raw .
This is about standardization of care .
While unemployment continues to rise .
That is enough to put the world on alert .
Others say the profit motive is at play .
Cunningham was in the right front seat .
But he may not live to his next birthday .
Someone has to be responsible for that .
Owners came for about two months a year .
He held a tube of paint and a paintbrush .
And the bathroom is still down the hall .
There has been an explosion in numbers .
Authorities said they were on the case .
Sounds like rotten housekeeping to me .
I do live a human life from top to bottom .
It was the first such ban in the country .
Consider this your first vote in favor .
Other countries do something similar .
The driver of the bus was among the dead .
Mention the word destiny at your peril .
Mottaki said the report was incorrect .
Right now it varies from state to state .
Sales have continued to fall this year .
The suckling pig was also outstanding .
He removes those trapped in the bushes .
It was the most incredible experience .
So we are burying the term shovel ready .
Such effects are already taking place .
If the sea is rough it takes much longer .
I was on the camel and my brother walked .
This time there have been no such calls .
A bus substitution service is in place .
Icahn did not return calls for comment .
Homicides drop more than other crimes .
There is stacks and stacks of evidence .
The motives for the attack are unclear .
He evidently was not the man for the job .
All he really wants is the fat paycheck .
A little hydraulic leak has stopped us .
Get tips from the pros and the amateurs .
A spokesman said that would not change .
This report has never been made public .
Drew did not testify in her own defense .
One has since recanted in an affidavit .
Hester powers his way into the end zone .
She was married with several children .
The picture was more nuanced than that .
They agree that dialogue is worth a try .
It was as though it was just another day .
But there must be a better way than this .
But the recovery is expected to be slow .
And more profitable means more deadly.
People are not going to let up so easily .
But obstacles remain in both chambers .
Ah but yes liberal intention were good .
He did not mention any of his three kids .
Government is back in the driving seat .
It is also targeting retail investors .
It is not clear what will happen to them .
It was always the centre of everything .
I would like to congratulate everyone .
A hotel spokesman declined to comment .
Most of us live somewhere in the middle .
It is a supreme performance of the self .
Larsen said he left the event inspired .
His mode of speech is heavily accented .
Thank you for publishing this article .
Wednesday with respiratory problems .
They want a marquee name to lead the way .
Obama knows nothing about the economy .
We will wait a long time for that answer .
Bartz was the eldest of eight siblings .
The public thought this was a good idea .
There are other ways of communicating .
The economic picture remained gloomy .
Youthful indecision led to turnovers .
I would never buy your over priced junk .
Popes have been elected with less fuss .
Now it is a question of one step at a time .
Hatton says they had met several times .
Durno said the plot posed a real threat .
It could easily have been humiliating .
Afro has always denied he was in the car .
Mealy bug is the worst pest under glass .
His aircraft continue to bomb targets .
He lived a life of tragedy and triumphs .
No motive was reported for the slaying .
He told friends he would return at noon .
More movement and less caloric intake .
The warmer waters will cause it to melt .
The attacks began a couple of weeks ago .
But the offer is not open to just anyone .
The alleged ringleaders are brothers .
What we notoriously lack is community .
Everything seemed possible back then .
The airport shut down a half hour later .
And then the ball rises inside the tube .
No wonder the chickhawks are so scared .
The fourth day ended on a dramatic note .
Not every bridesmaid is so privileged .
We cannot continue down that same path .
Two of the cars were on top of each other .
It would be happening at a very bad time .
He did not say how much was being sought .
I like to think that things are on the up .
But changes are happening very slowly .
The third example is an even rarer work .
And this is when things began to look up .
Some down oranges or nutritional bars .
They say men who drink might not do this .
Whether it will work remains to be seen .
Zamka went on to become a fighter pilot .
Labour looks finished as a government .
Look for a vehicle that holds its value .
There are many steps of investigation .
They need not have been to be effective .
There were small signs of improvement .
For egalitarian reasons or something .
It will get you into trouble sometimes .
Yahoo could not be reached for comment .
It will remain involved in auto racing .
But it caught partiers leaving a disco .
I am a sociable and loyal friend to many .
They were trapped and their fears grew .
I have the experience and the judgment .
In other words players in his own image .
He had no other immediate information .
Older editions are always worth a look .
You needed a telescope to see across it .
Etta has only missed two days of school .
Amazon does not provide sales figures .
He may get support from younger voters .
Those who fell were shot where they lay .
Other cycling parties were monitored .
But there is a new one in the writing now .
It is really dry and bad along this road .
They are in some ways a different breed .
Vaccination is almost never the cause .
That clock could be in the meter itself .
You would have had one less competitor .
The crown itself should pass smoothly .
The pain is passed on to family members .
A giant alien hand blotting out the sun .
Washington hit by historic snow storm .
Getting it home was more of a challenge .
The case was set to go to trial next week .
And even that might not get the job done .
He said the company was investigating .
And he gave us everything we requested .
The answer is he would not have a prayer .
James is the franchise scoring leader .
They asked him what travel plans he had .
He was testifying for the prosecution .
I have been pushing myself to the limit .
Turkey offers further opportunities .
Chavez is taken into military custody .
He was released after a ransom was paid .
Porto were full of hope and confidence .
Someone even brought in a cat recently .
The boat sank after hitting the pillar .
So the footballer paid for that as well .
Some solace in the stupidity of others .
Nobody pretends these are easy issues .
He turned the whole apology into a joke .
Two nearby buildings also caught fire .
Such coyness is no longer appropriate .
The two delivery men were also wounded .
Most people travel on foot or by oxcart .
Often times people seem to forget this .
The appointment was quietly repealed .
The play wasnt as bad as the critic says .
That effort is not expected to succeed .
Some of the pens have blood on the walls .
The better class has to come out as well .
Not every gun enthusiast is so worried .
Here he won with only one break of serve .
I found the idea strangely attractive .
Humans had no natural resistance to it .
The passing of time also protected him .
That could hit western demand sharply .
Peacetime is an invitation to entropy .
The dogs were bred to fight to the death .
We owe them nothing until they deliver .
He had seven strikeouts and walked one .
They came from every corner of society .
Other companies are also contracting .
He has now reportedly left the country .
Hillary says anything you want to hear .
But they only continued for one player .
So our profession is sidelined in a way .
Contrarians are not unique to climate .
Now she does voluntary work in schools .
This is a band that aims to stick around .
Think of the endless packing dilemmas .
I love this guy and everthing he states .
Chicago was coming up just after lunch .
So rectors usually had grander houses .
But they all face travel restrictions .
Beckert agreed that was a likely cause .
He ripped up the check and left the room .
The mode of communication matters too .
It makes him shockingly disagreeable .
The agencies try to defend this system .
It was going to be his way or the highway .
The court is trying to assess the truth .
Soldiers on top pointed their weapons .
Galanter represented him in that case .
The running game did most of the damage .
It also engages in spy missions abroad .
Belbin began marveling at her new body .
Sales of new homes are at historic lows .
His reticence was markedly outspoken .
And the pope had been imprisoned there .
All will approach it with trepidation .
The motive in the case remains unclear .
Defense arguments continue next week .
Most of the grenades failed to explode .
Turns out he only needed one more swing .
We need to get our budget under control .
Free speech has nothing to do with this .
Zynga failed to return calls or emails .
Implied default rates are indeed high .
Other classes use a variety of methods .
Banks could not be reached for comment .
Romney apologized for his false claim .
But much of his focus was on the economy .
The abyss seems slightly further away .
Those calls last week were ridiculous .
They have not yet seen the final report .
But that sounds like wishful thinking .
Both also agreed to drastic bonus caps .
The bench warrant was later dismissed .
The two are professional pet trackers .
His two accomplices were never caught .
The description in this story got to me .
Frustration would be understandable .
Sounds like more threats from the left .
Walking and talking became difficult .
Lincoln festivities were a hot ticket .
And then go see that chick flick anyway .
They asked us to turn up for the two days .
We do not care who leads the country now .
The similarity is in their dodgy knees .
Turn once and remove the pork to a plate .
Trash can get stuck around their necks .
The first thing you notice is the voice .
The fees were unchanged from last week .
We have no qualms with that whatsoever .
Click here for more about the swine flu .
News of every rescue lights up the page .
They attacked when the lights were low .
That would really get their attention .
Two other factors complicate matters .
Ashby also had a deft touch with actors .
She added that education is not enough .
Accept that the split is not your fault .
This was a barely comprehensible game .
It seems that an equivocation is afoot .
History wars are bad news for wildlife .
Most are wearing track pants or shorts .
We were not granted hospital benefits .
Bardot has retained her authenticity .
The country is absolutely rudderless .
I cannot pretend he escaped unscathed .
Shaw and his wife said he never had a gun .
He stepped in and has never looked back .
Rio has not commented on the computers .
These actions were broadly justified .
There were also three pitch invasions .
Those injured were taken to hospitals .
Everyday tasks are tinged with trauma .
They saw it as a story about illicit sex .
It is not clear when and where he was hit .
You have to look inside to be confident .
Remove from the oven and add the olives .
This election is certainly important .
She will raise more money than it needs .
The anger in their writing is palpable .
Cosmetic surgery spending back on the .
Cameron also seems too big for the sofa .
Something elegant with social cachet .
A lot of people will call that a failure .
Water bikes are another form of rescue .
No one was reported harmed in the wreck .
Not everywhere is a complete disaster .
Keep medicines and valuables with you .
It is not known if they were recaptured .
He entered this match in terrible form .
Just a little advice from a recent grad .
Other sectors did not fare much better .
It was four years before she took it off .
We make these laws and no one obeys them .
All three are believed to have escaped .
A decision is likely by early next year .
Something must be wrong with the sound .
Remove from the heat and add the garlic .
The government is going downhill fast .
I worked for an electrical contractor .
Ultimately we need a radical approach .
Texting while driving should illegal .
But they remained hesitant to trust it .
We just did an eyes right and that was it .
Instead they were fed meals and snacks .
Barclays was unavailable for comment .
The financial industry is wary as well .
Call it an educational art exhibition .
Council vehicles will also be painted .
She gets one of the swell little booths .
A youth was also charged with burglary .
The auction process is now in disarray .
Men compete in the fencing discipline .
His energetic orbits and navigations .
Your letter will be reviewed by a panel .
The ignorance only worsens the stigma .
We worry about taking up too much space .
Only one thought could stop the spiral .
The apple on the counter will get eaten .
All of that must be thrown into reverse .
Take an hour to scout out other options .
He was credited as executive producer .
These three things tend to go together .
His opinion columns focus on the media .
His wife and two daughters survive him .
A great cognac can make any room cozier .
The windfall will eventually dwindle .
We throw that one out there all the time .
The project reflects lessons learned .
He said the elevator was out of service .
Courageous passengers pounced on him .
We have been moving from place to place .
There were drawbacks to her fast climb .
Smoke streamed from his nose and mouth .
Tupperware is clearly so last century .
But this is all just reading tea leaves .
He has not been charged with any crimes .
Dishing out cash always goes down well .
That duel role is proving problematic .
Five times the amount of usable memory .
Much has transpired in those two years .
Maybe you have the chip looking at them .
His wife has continued those policies .
I was back in the hospital for two weeks .
Serve with a bowl of crusty bread cubes .
His coaching record speaks for itself .
The obvious solution is a property tax .
They just drink loads and loads of milk .
No one was arrested in either incident .
Authorities say the case remains open .
Palin uses her gender to her advantage .
This time the conversation was urgent .
Those hopes were recently put in doubt .
That much you could easily make at home .
He lists some of the things she has done .
The climate is nearing tipping points .
The case for satellite villages is nil .
Coming to a radio station near you soon .
Johnny moved tentatively along a rope .
Broader indexes were slightly higher .
There is no technological fix for that .
His death was announced by the company .
Padded expense accounts and suchlike .
That about sums it up right there folks .
Kiwifruit rated at the top among fruit .
Kevin has that football intelligence .
Proxy voting generates its own issues .
Then we could have real policy debates .
My first impression was that there had .
He just wanted to see the job completed .
Phone connections to the area are down .
The two groups have clashed violently .
Right little corporate lickspittles .
Another man is thought to have escaped .
It is very hard to oust prime ministers .
I think your situation is very similar .
Two have been torn down this year alone .
Smokey is not alone in his lucky escape .
Magic rocks that make wishes come true .
Nardelli declined to answer directly .
Power failures are a daily occurrence .
Snitches are an even lower form of life .
We will see how long those offices last .
A majority of the court held otherwise .
The entertainment system is included .
Baucus says his bill already does both .
We cannot find jobs with good salaries .
Sharapova won this event two years ago .
You cannot stop believing in yourself .
He also had six rebounds and two blocks .
I do not think any us meet that criteria .
Everyone has something to contribute .
Be supportive if they become homesick .
You might even believe they have merit .
And we fed off each other the whole time .
That is the only question mark you have .
It is idleness that is harder to endure .
You would if you wanted to be different .
It was downhill all the way from then on .
He handed her a bright pink carbon copy .
Then it seemed to have the politics too .
The source said the split was amicable .
In the meantime conditions grew worse .
At least the first question was a gimme .
Hunters are entitled to one bison each .
But there have been few cancellations .
The government says we need more homes .
He has not come close the last two years .
Reverse singles and doubles are today .
Not everyone complied with the orders .
The same is true for wages and benefits .
The book idea came up serendipitously .
His charming show is full of surprises .
All of that has been properly declared .
Officers responded but found nothing .
Holland is a beautiful tolerant place .
Rugby is the most incredible team game .
But there were a few choice encounters .
But little sign of compromise emerged .
You take your hat off to these guys here .
He could have asked him what he thought .
Store refrigerated for up to two weeks .
The girls attended different schools .
Charges which turned out not to be true .
Five deputies want to become senators .
The solution to this seems simple to me .
Some car brands showed up on both lists .
A supernasty fight to the death ensues .
If they have a big enough budget they do .
Interrogators withholding medicine .
South counts three tricks in each suit .
Or sentences ending in question marks .
She was told by her doctor not to travel .
That made me more determined than ever .
A registered sex offender is arrested .
The flagman flicked on his flashlight .
Maybe this will help someone out there .
Thats why those programs are in the red .
But the city presents a special puzzle .
They think they have won a battle today .
The last two hours were very different .
It has been done elsewhere in the world .
You do something illegal you pay for it .
This will buy just a short time for them .
Narcotics were stolen from a business .
It would help break the cycle of famine .
All died from multiple gunshot wounds .
He says the last as though he had to spit .
But they were still calling yesterday .
Storefront dispensaries are illegal .
Another failed socialist experiment .
The authorities are taking no chances .
But this rule might have little effect .
They benefit from our counter attacks .
It would take politics out of the games .
He has also taught them something else .
His views are likely to be influential .
I have no problem with tax hikes as such .
Now they want to raise taxes on the rich .
This should be a very interesting case .
Pallet manufacturing is big business .
It is the wellbeing of ordinary people .
Financial policymakers won round one .
The group said it would slit his throat .
We are being a bit unlucky at the moment .
It was a fitting pitch for his audience .
They used locations all over the place .
A thoroughly good and compelling read .
I think we are in the same situation now .
My life will not be the same without him .
I want to be his friend in that capacity .
Credit markets were suddenly jittery .
The lighting was noticeably brighter .
Obama was eight at the time of bombings .
She was perhaps doomed from the outset .
She died in hospital from her injuries .
Getting that pot of gold requires work .
He and the fund will split the proceeds .
Another three people died in hospital .
I like to work together to build a dream .
It saves wasting three hours of the day .
And how much we use our sexuality to say .
The father looked haggard and worried .
What a smart operation this company is .
Producing light is proof of principle .
Towards the end his name never appears .
There was a roughness to the exchanges .
They have until early next week to do so .
And he has already picked out the model .
Everywhere in their offices were pigs .
He let them shine and helped them shine .
Anything to create work and make a buck .
The expulsions and runaways continue .
A local sheriff stops to take a picture .
Strategy descends into firefighting .
Feminists later attacked this theory .
We need leadership and a better future .
It had previously forecast flat sales .
There is no proper way to prepare for it .
But only three withdrawals can be made .
Sweat counts for as much as beauty here .
The most wonderful thing has happened .
We just have to offer a schools lottery .
Authorities are still looking for him .
She is considering a career in nursing .
Venice is extraordinarily seductive .
No one has been charged in the killings .
The bidders do stand to make some money .
Palin talks way too much about herself .
The hayfever season has arrived early .
Payment was collected by direct debit .
Garrett did not speak at the gathering .
You have to be logged in to flag content .
These kids went to take out the rubbish .
Rolls of barbed wire topped the fences .
We reflect on their past mistreatment .
Revolutionary is not too strong a word .
The initial signs are not encouraging .
It would be a great conversation piece .
This is not his first foray into sports .
Time for the young receivers to step up .
Three people died and two were injured .
Maybe we should just shut up and travel .
Liberals like me may have nowhere to go .
Bungee operators use different cords .
County officials declined to comment .
They just need a little encouragement .
It was his second trip in that capacity .
It is expected to last until the autumn .
Her real skill was more than technical .
She said she saw it happen from a window .
Give the defense their change of venue .
They then divorced within a few months .
Add remaining butter over medium heat .
He has been heading this way ever since .
See you really do have the words to do it .
The two men have yet to talk face to face .
Most things run by women are a disaster .
Corporate profits are also perking up .
It said that parliament would soon sit .
Her father was imam at the local mosque .
Niemann walked one and struck out nine .
His company makes a market in the stock .
He rules over the tiny republic by fear .
The hearing was adjourned until today .
They are also introducing peer review .
Bectu does not think the move will work .
The status of the policeman is unclear .
Promotions like these have taken root .
He has given himself the midnight slot .
They truly are two different diseases .
He would not say anything to reporters .
All accommodations are in first class .
Schorr later corrected that on the air .
Good for shirts at a competitive price .
Its debt to the central bank is growing .
But the early option is good for voters .
Better gas mileage is an added benefit .
Scribes want to become better scribes .
Now many of us were taking judo classes .
This was admitted by her campaign team .
But there is a link that goes back years .
The rooms were decked out with screens .
In this museum they are in each gallery .
Now seems like a good time to take stock .
The lunch counter was replaced by a bar .
She holds a wreath during the holidays .
Language is a more complicated matter .
Weir defended his decision to wear fur .
One person drowned in a flooded stream .
Being a film composer was much the same .
Three beaches were closed to swimmers .
Several contestants wiped away tears .
Most of these rumors proved unfounded .
The couple had been on their way to work .
They thought they were getting a steal .
She said she had never visited his flat .
He once mooned the audience of his show .
He is still being questioned by police .
This is ridiculous and unsafe to women .
I may be thinking of the postal service .
It is indeed the beginning of a new life .
They had a different attitude to study .
Others spoke of their own experiences .
Cosmetics were stolen from a business .
Beat in milk and vanilla until blended .
He could not say when that would happen .
He has still to be formally identified .
It is not a pleasant thing to be woken by .
The charge dock is compact and not ugly .
Democracy is more than just elections .
Gates says he was a victim of prejudice .
Two corporate cultures have resulted .
Never marry a man who is rude to waiters .
Dogs and horses are blessed by priests .
His relaxed authority had wide appeal .
Still not on the birthday honours list .
In between rounds you shop for weapons .
The climate has become more polarised .
By trial and error we found out it works .
He responded by tying himself in knots .
It came screaming back to the hospital .
Consumer confidence remains fragile .
Farbrace was also thankful to be alive .
She lives near a school and playground .
He ran off when passengers got off a bus .
Balance transfer fees are also rising .
They also kept a record of what they ate .
Bridge was rusty but still looked good .
Hopefully he makes the right decision .
It has become slightly less different .
You guys seem to get jerked around a lot .
No anything except ship jobs overseas .
Cream the butter until it is very light .
Whatever randomness it might serve up .
Neither one can really give me a reason .
Mannywood has officially gone to hell .
We had the game by the scruff of the neck .
The sooner it can be enacted the better .
I have a lot of passion about this sport .
So glad to see her back in the news again .
We have some questions about the lease .
Obama cash for appliances is on the way .
The body of an elderly female was found .
A cancer diagnosis is not an emergency .
She helps to break down those barriers .
She asked that her last name not be used .
The issue simply needs to be litigated .
The tiny crowd booed as loud as it could .
This vacuum is used for the duct system .
They are not as good they were a year ago .
This promise was never meant to be kept .
A lawyer will charge on an hourly basis .
But both are meant to set the jaw at ease .
Watch those college girls on the beach .
Intel is fighting the fine on an appeal .
And we dance with glee when given leave .
He surrendered five runs on eight hits .
The move meant the court acquitted him .
Brakes chattered through tight turns .
Several recent polls show a tight race .
Five of her children have already died .
What the refugees were saying was true .
Politics mixed with science can be fun .
He would like to see the dump excavated .
Until the lady demands an explanation .
Whether it finds one is another matter .
Core embassy functions will continue .
They also said they are eager to go home .
Now iam older i know how my parents feel .
They got dependent on big gas guzzlers .
If he wanted to cover it up he would have .
No access is permitted during the term .
Thank you for your kind understanding .
Several weapons were found in the home .
The user gets access to eight channels .
The way to pay for national healthcare .
Her substantive demands have been met .
All the electrics on the train had gone .
Maybe you will have to bite your tongue .
Her company owned dozens of buildings .
But these are merely the cabin classes .
It was not threatening any structures .
Prepaid customers pose no credit risk .
Some services would go dark right away .
Look at the basics and make things work .
It made headlines on other continents .
A very sad and extremely sick incident.
Residents generally praised the idea .
The world seems an odd place these days .
The woman walking up the hill vanishes .
His private life has been a closed book .
Police are still looking for the third .
It comes down to a problem of etymology .
I can only imagine the backstage drama .
That is what turns people away from him .
You get asked a few questions by the app .
They were married a year after meeting .
I urge other progressives to do so also .
Field was pronounced dead at the scene .
It was not because she needed the money .
I was just attempting a juxtaposition .
Leeds fans probably know what he means .
But this woman wanted me to go to school .
It causes me to question his reasoning .
Cromartie has had an outstanding year .
He was arrested for abusing his office .
This was an accident waiting to happen .
But it was governments that had to do it .
They have nine league games remaining .
He knows nothing about foreign policy .
He makes music beautiful and exciting .
Moisten the edges of the pot with water .
Congrats to her on pulling that one off .
This is cycling for the sake of cycling .
The idea was to harass without harming .
He said the cause was a heart condition .
Several people were taken to hospital .
We are happy to set the record straight .
The majority has never wished them ill .
Yet there is that spectre of recession .
He could barely get through a sentence .
Politicians were united in their fury .
It even sounded a little familiar to me .
Every thing is imposed in this country .
Transit improvements will come first .
Her own experience has taught her that .
Many say how sad they are to see it close .
Exceptional agility for such a big kid .
And they all marched out of the kitchen .
Roxxxy comes with five personalities .
He is an embarrassment to his district .
His family had nothing to do with films .
The nationalities were not disclosed .
Hickenlooper never got his interview .
But its gambit may come at a steep price .
No one has been arrested in his slaying .
An investigation is being carried out .
The ship breaking industry is booming .
It was unclear when they were recorded .
I hate my socialist roads and highways .
I would not have liked to be in his shoes .
The fighter still faces daunting odds .
On no account add any lettuce or tomato .
Lindley scored a play later on a keeper .
You value privacy and time to yourself .
It is shameful that it was not answered .
They should not hide behind anonymity .
But something is going wrong upstairs .
There have been some joyous times here .
Brown was the master of the stealth tax .
Some supporters made it on to the pitch .
Chromosome tests may be insufficient .
Be prepared for a dose of culture shock .
Find out who else walked down the aisle .
The percentage has been about the same .
They are working to intelligent plans .
That means the gap figures to get wider .
I guess we were surprised and relieved .
Kovalev added two assists on the night .
In fact he was a kingly and humorous man .
This is probably an unfair assessment .
The whole village is moving westwards .
He cannot swallow the rice in his mouth .
But those are all rational attributes .
It is a publicity stun and nothing more .
His cousins and nephews are doing well .
Wagner requested the private session .
I spoke in total opposition to the bill .
It may be that the parties are changing .
Republicans think they see an opening .
The government said no ransom was paid .
The first is that the world is watching .
But drug companies may have the answer .
They placed tarps around the wreckage .
Ungaro is another house in transition .
Gardai have appealed for information .
He said the box changes had been subtle .
The reaction was swift and surprising .
There was just one thing troubling him .
She remained a pariah all her long life .
But none unveiled any new initiatives .
It was on its side with no wings visible .
A book signing will follow the program .
Equipment levels are also impressive .
He warned that success needs hard work .
It was the beginning of a slippery road .
There is so much to do and so little time .
Benazir was the eldest of his children .
A smaller house is easier to keep clean .
The rationing of power and water began .
Feedback is basically just upsetting .
Almost the entire population has fled .
The fire spread to two other buildings.
Ambition almost landed a model in jail .
The economy is rapidly deteriorating .
Andrus hit his solo homer in the second .
At night the house glows like a lantern .
Weeks added a solo homer in the seventh .
A strange thing happened the other day .
Malays are asserting their dominance .
It was very hard to believe such a thing .
It halts the onward march of democracy .
They knew exactly what they were doing .
I would consider him a spiritual giant .
That is the unanswered question for me .
Again this is not a level playing field .
But there could be other explanations .
Shite is that where we get the name from .
It has since begun broadcasting again .
The result has been plummeting prices .
But overfishing is not solely to blame .
These have been difficult to classify .
Kids should have someone on their team .
Return to the fridge to chill until set .
Celtic fans will not see the funny side .
And we were encouraged by those around .
So much for putting the customer first .
It was unclear how the injury happened .
Starting up front here is no guarantee .
The contracts are now legally binding .
He did not know who had fired the shells .
Check out the polished brass samovars .
You can leave that last one till the end .
There is no way we are going to remove it .
There are modest grounds for optimism .
It produces the most accurate results .
I too suffer from migraines with auras .
All of the men were wearing balaclavas .
Coyer does not exactly fit the profile .
Which brings me on to the food and drink .
In practice councils are less callous .
She said the volcano was expelling ash .
Losses are rising in this sort of trust .
And the misery does not end for victims .
One soldier was in critical condition .
This is one ugly building and interior .
Not every politician was leaving town .
Film you and your sweetheart on a couch .
An agreement later saw all reinstated .
Another rumour began that she was late .
Tories should rectify these problems .
She is a wild animal not a tame housecat .
His activism quickly made him a target .
Then take that number and search for it .
Kyodo news agency quoted him as saying .
There was nothing malicious intended .
But he still has some lessons to impart .
First honest show about football ever .
And that brings us to the next question .
It is more common in females than males .
The response among analysts was mixed .
The media must give the people a vision .
Later he envisages more creative uses .
He also writes for television and film .
We are a people in clinical depression .
But more has changed than just the name .
Winning grand slam events is a big deal .
No space to list all the disasters here .
But avoiding the issue is not an option .
These must have been some experiences .
I think both of them will be big friends .
Salman takes the harassment in stride .
Her score actually went down one point .
Critics consider the practice murder .
Senate insiders consider it unlikely .
I would like to answer these questions .
Rollins led off the first with a double .
I once found a nest of slow worms in mine .
Obama celebrates the double standard .
Democracy is government by the people .
All three people survived the attacks .
No more donations are being solicited .
Not all economists are as pessimistic .
This is not the only seizure of its kind .
In the end it has all come down to health .
Have a cup of tea and another bakestone .
A prostitute will accept any customer .
Orange declined to comment yesterday .
Kemna said his hands and feet went numb .
His partner also suffered stab wounds .
That has certainly been my experience .
Frank was in a very difficult position .
But the ruling has caused controversy .
It restarted some shipments this week .
This is just what the economists found .
Pruning is not the same as cutting back .
There is armour made from whale baleen .
Let me share who this trainer really is .
I cycled sharply back towards the boys .
Her family says they are being shunned .
There are consequences for decisions .
You watch with your heart in your mouth .
He is writing a book about nothingness .
Soldiering brings out rough behavior .
Rail services have also been badly hit .
He also plays a hell of a lot of football .
She was ladylike without being stuffy .
Welcome to the world of the regular guy .
Neeson also reportedly was by her side .
Sounds like you could use some therapy .
Talks will resume for a third day later .
The tourist dug in without hesitation .
Violence has not completely subsided .
Award shows are not emotionally equal .
The previous governor is serving time .
A candidate running on inevitability .
The hardware trial ran for five months .
Gulbis was all too happy to lag to a foot .
They were on the way home when he was hit .
Special would not begin to describe it .
Its reputation simply grows and grows .
But the team later had second thoughts .
He had not yet heard any of the evidence .
She says the death toll could go higher .
Both concerns were swiftly dispelled .
Sometimes we cancel school due to snow .
That turned into quite the icebreaker .
Clooney is used to commercial success .
This was enough to put many off for good .
The firings come at a challenging time .
He said he felt he had had a lucky escape .
Norway sees its stash as a pension fund .
The incident is being treated as arson .
I tell you this story with trepidation .
That has driven down the broader index .
It really is the greatest show on earth .
The first difficulty is the time scale .
Thank you very much for joining us here .
A comprehensive rethink is called for .
That was the first professional thing .
It is not clear when a case will be filed .
The rest of the world enjoys a free ride .
The wine and the main courses warm us up .
That left its owner tired and homeless .
My first bath was yesterday afternoon .
The truth appears rather more prosaic .
A verdict is expected early next month .
I found it quite existential in nature .
Some people think this is a silly story .
Impress me with the person that you are .
And it feels like goodbyes are in order .
The forum you requested does not exist .
They nevertheless find a way to push on .
I love how the title and subtitle match .
Now a thick sheet of ice covers the lake .
Hudson recalls of their first session .
We must not switch off the life support .
We both thought it was an act of treason .
They are two evenly matched squads now .
The work she had in mind was embroidery .
Preppy has something else going for it .
Ten soldiers were killed within weeks .
Police cordoned off the downtown area .
Allen scored eight points in overtime .
The scent of beef and chicken was thick .
But there is no rule that says it must be .
There was a lot of dust in the beginning .
One of them breaks into a mocking dance .
There were some other opinions though .
England will be happy enough with that .
Many girls remain banned from schools .
There was nothing offensive in my post .
Great athletes can come from any place .
These clouds cover a third of the ocean .
I just hope they buy the album next week .
There are a dozen pastas to choose from .
Another three are due to open this year .
He could not remember the exact amount .
A successor was not immediately named .
But these remedies can bring problems .
Ten people are still being questioned .
They became a model for other agencies .
Historians have differed on his power .
Steckel scored his second career goal .
Much the same is already happening now .
That might be the simple solution to it .
It is filled with framed family photos .
The greed will drive the end cost way up .
Handling fire seems like a superpower .
I woke up today to find myself infamous .
They only discovered it very recently .
It was unclear who was behind the wheel .
But it drops significantly after that .
Azerbaijan used that to its advantage .
He has great ears and he buys good stuff .
He said he was unsure how the crane fell .
Some will claim that this is dangerous .
Only an engineer could truly love them .
Escalante had no interest in that game .
The darkest hour is always before dawn .
Stafford also plans to stage two balls .
I think you make some excellent points .
The man was later moved to another seat .
There is an ample supply of work gloves .
Birthday boys and girls get free cones .
Lee is revered by most of its adherents .
The seller covers the majority of this .
I eat a healthy diet throughout the day .
Many encouraged her to stay in the race .
All socialism does is share the misery .
The building societies demutualised .
But the risks from the disease are real .
They would say it was boring and sleepy .
He also describes his suicide attempt .
Neither party has named the inspector .
Ellie was pronounced dead at the scene .
Christmas is a vestige of colonialism .
American ideals are far from mediocre .
Athletes and citizens seem to favor it .
It took him five days to unearth the lot .
The movement can not play the innocent .
The next night we were doing the dishes .
Traffic flows both ways on our streets .
Good thing he thought twice about that .
A sixth suspect was still being sought .
Microsoft headquarters did not reply .
The verdict is expected at a later date .
A dazzling display of domino downfall .
The copper and tin alloy has longevity .
But he pays a high price for his bedmate .
Butler has one day to get ready for that .
The results are externally moderated .
If only horses could read the stats too .
Or at least caress the binding a little .
Leuenberger said he planned to appeal .
Ahead of them a fan belt had overheated .
Sadness and longing overtook the room .
And they were pretty sure they knew why .
Click here to find a flu clinic near you .
Six officers stood in the lecture hall .
Bargain hunting is the name of the game .
He brought it in as he tumbled backward .
Palin already has been working on that .
The higher savings rate is a good thing .
The match itself was a fiery encounter .
Obama expresses optimism about a deal .
There was a chance of a schedule change .
Early reviews have also been positive .
Until then he deserves a second chance .
She cited ill health for her departure .
He also reduced consumer protections .
His two daughters would still be awake .
Another three seats are rated tossups .
International aid has begun arriving .
It did not work for more than six months .
The guilty verdict was not unexpected .
They are having a laugh about football .
Documentaries have a real role to play .
War stories also continue to hold sway .
I hurried to find him after the bombing .
Richardson goes for the negotiations .
At the moment he was also a bit confused .
Their leadership is an abject failure .
Pretty much shows ur lack of knowledge .
Graham expressed gratitude to be back .
People just need to stay where they are .
If you walked the walk show us the proof .
Obama spoke from his heart and his mind .
The seahorse was a burnt cranberry red .
Not one of these candidates is perfect .
I kept walking and the men kept talking .
He said there were other similar cases .
There are many countries with islands .
Everyone would like it to stay that way .
The world is still sorting out the mess .
I am definitely and proudly one of them .
He has not entered a plea in the case yet .
Some leaders had to flee by helicopter .
The plates connect beams on the bridge .
This ironwork is at least inoffensive .
Things like that live with you forever .
Let each one of them sue for their bonus .
Well thank you stopping and reading my .
Commons officials apparently agreed .
All three will be sentenced next month .
Then he said he got the pot from a friend .
I wish you safe travel and a safe return .
The plan might now drift into oblivion .
Authorities said no homes have burned .
Obama lied and more soldiers have died .
Instead declarer called for a diamond .
The three assailants were also killed .
Read all of the big cat facts to find out .
Attention has now turned to survivors .
This race may have provided the answer .
There is a lot of good advice in the book .
He should now be questioned about that .
The two candidates despise each other .
But that has created yet more problems .
The local police were utterly corrupt .
She desribed the role as her favourite .
The two are among the favourites to win .
That would be every bit as unpalatable .
Their ordeal was far from over however .
Flynt is seeking unspecified damages .
The ground has shifted tragically now .
Then along came arthroscopic surgery .
She really has to be a danger to herself .
Israel does exactly what it wants to do .
Cash conservation is still paramount .
Clears are sometimes troubled by this .
Backward stupid people need to change .
We bought tickets and climbed on board .
He has never sounded more comfortable .
Those deals are expected to close soon .
Houston did a good job of fighting back .
It hopes to relaunch the menu next year .
He made a million dollars in an elf suit .
The intensity was not just on the floor .
Brazil are so quick to pull the trigger .
You need to lead by example for a change .
And this economy is now definitely his .
Other swimmers pushed her underwater .
Evidence undergoes forensic testing .
Theirs is the second case to go to trial .
But he is not new to fatherhood any more .
Not all carriers have joined the fight .
We already pay heavily for the tickets .
Texans will be off the list this season .
I really want to live like the others do .
He did not say why the decision was made .
The truth is sometimes hard to swallow .
Tough moves which won popular support .
We even laughed during that phone call .
A technician keeps stepping on the gas .
Garages and dealers have been alerted .
You must advance the interests of many .
Both roads have been closed to traffic .
Those students all identified the boy .
Being a glorious orator is not a method .
Such diffidence dates back a long time .
But he was persuaded to join the effort .
Endorsements do not decide elections .
His role remains under investigation .
Referees serve a long apprenticeship .
True to form he is keeping a low profile .
The flowers pushed her over the new cap .
I wrote about their bewilderment here .
Everything was still except the water .
He is an important signing for the club .
These wines were not without problems .
That drove down the value of the dollar .
None of that seemed to matter this time .
Our client is a reputable businessman .
The demand has soared in the recession .
This topic was given a quarter of a page .
Sailing the world is an exclusive club .
Lewis said the woman just smiled at her .
It exceeds expectations at every turn .
It was against everything he stood for .
A wonderful combination for any movie .
Professionally the trip was a failure .
Some others take a pragmatic approach .
It said that it could take legal action .
The main bedroom has turreted windows .
Our controller measures every motion .
Traffic is once again bumper to bumper .
Grocery stores had been stripped bare .
The winner will be revealed next month .
We just keep getting better and better .
Place ingredients in a blender and mix .
And that is not necessarily a good idea .
And the longest entry is two pages long .
None of his rivals could match his pace .
It is ready to receive another patient .
I will keep on fighting it or die trying .
Some charity resale shops accept them .
The trial is expected to take two weeks .
Stonyfield also has done its homework .
It needs to look at the system as a whole .
A nation turns its grateful eyes to you .
There was nothing unthinking about it .
That here obedient to their laws we lie .
Reporters are barred from the war zone .
They are burning petrol mixed with pee .
And the poor cannot afford to lose face .
She had complained about the position .
A money laundering charge was dropped .
That account was impossible to verify .
Not all predictions are so rosy though .
Always prepare for the worst scenario .
One theme has emerged above all others .
Forsythe denied doing anything wrong .
Capitalism is about muddling through .
The public finances are on a precipice .
Last year they beat us in a lot of finals .
Williams also grabbed eight rebounds .
Cutting with a dull blade is dangerous .
Both collapses occurred in heavy snow .
But advertising is a different matter .
He baptized men with canteens of water .
Some of their political rivals agreed .
No other words to describe how you feel .
Cheeta suffered his share of hardship .
Why spend all of that money for nothing .
But a secondary goal has formed as well .
In effect the party has made a judgment .
Several clergy members will be on hand .
The speech had no hint of conciliation .
Real friendship requires investment .
He must now turn those words into deeds .
Spoon the leeks and sauce over the fish .
All the planes involved landed safely .
The pair will sentenced at a later date .
There is a precedent for this approach .
Richardson does not like to waste time .
She shouted to the children to get help .
Such airplanes have been built before .
She is by far not the only one doing this .
Here are two things we learned tonight .
But the threats never came to anything .
This distinction causes mild offence .
I can do that because my family loves me .
That clearly is a time sensitive issue .
United simply cannot have it both ways .
And he seemed to relish the perception .
The economic stakes are considerable .
You must never drown the rice in liquid .
For years it was nothing more than that .
There are no people around and few cars .
The two theories are not incompatible .
Up to five total entries are permitted .
The game was stopped after six minutes .
Munster later sued him for defamation .
There was no penalty called on the play .
Favre has something else going for him .
This usually heralds a dip in equities .
He lived a very extravagant lifestyle .
The vote is not supposed to be about him .
Divie them up into the statewide banks .
Brown has been failing his this summer .
But bad news is not kept at bay so easily .
Environmentalists threatened to sue .
A lot of it comes down to meeting demand .
You can find inspiration here and here .
So far the company has been successful .
They are upwardly mobile this morning .
It does matter what the president says .
Israel has signaled it wants to go slow .
Local advertising remains depressed .
But they all speak the common language .
He scored big hundreds in both matches .
He got such a query from a nursery owner .
Bargain hunters were also on the prowl .
The two burly men shared an awkward hug .
She is a single mother of four children .
They knew a policy review was on the way .
If the door automatically sprung shut .
He stumped for his wife as if possessed .
I could care less what color his skin is.
And the stakes have rarely been higher .
But not in environmental engineering .
Her dog is her only constant companion .
Such drugs take weeks to begin working .
Any suggestions would be appreciated .
That was misleading but hardly exotic .
I can and will do without internet news .
Silly politicians and their spin jobs .
He said the lesson is rooted in history .
Texting is unsafe at any speed but zero .
Then there was a bit of an awkward pause .
Right now it looks more like the latter .
Most civilizations have had reserves .
Now those efforts will get much harder .
I was determined to battle my symptoms .
He needs to address this going forward .
Prisa confirmed this in its own filing .
Their tones rose and fell with emotion .
The ride would be anything but routine .
Callahan said in a prepared statement .
He had been treated for minor injuries .
An animal had chewed the toes and heels .
I would have preschool for every child .
Being a drug addict is a private matter .
The ball was blowing all over the place .
That is the subject of the next article .
And another big and swing state for her .
He dismantled the solar panel in a week .
France may want the deadline extended .
This is not simply about sport any more .
Every regime he served gave him medals .
Burrow had little time for modern fads .
Actin gives outstanding performance .
Rackets was even more upwardly mobile .
We kind of knew what was going to happen .
The losers may be pubs and restaurants .
The big battle on science is yet to come .
It was a typical twentysomething flat .
This is what happened with sovereigns .
Equities have been violently derated .
It causes interest rates to remain low .
Yet the country is officially at peace .
It may also be broadcast on television .
Your inconsistency works against you .
She wore his boxer shorts when she flew .
Willden said there are no easy answers .
He survived by jumping out of the truck .
What there is is a massive misjudgment .
But the liquidity advantage is waning .
The baby was at the clinic for a checkup .
Perhaps everyone is a little autistic .
But no part of her story can be verified .
Osetra desserts are highly seductive .
We have to discuss some issues with him .
Talk about kicking a man when he is down .
She said it left her wracked with guilt .
The primary care trust has apologised .
A final decision is expected next week .
His etched line is strong and luminous .
The money goes toward operating costs .
You can see a full list of nominees here .
Teams can use the money for any purpose .
I hate having to talk fees and such like .
One needed treatment for a head injury .
But the initial reaction was positive .
You can download these updates online .
You may feel a little deflated at first .
Two people were swept off a footbridge .
No problems at all with that occurring .
She served two terms and became an icon .
Let those holders pay the consequence .
It has always been so and always will be .
But that is something of a special case .
That development is creating tension .
His lawyer declined to comment on that .
They have a pretty darned good defense .
Middleweight and light middleweight .
All the other people remain in custody .
We really cared about winning the game .
The club pleaded guilty to the charges .
Small piece but may turn out huge later .
Mitgang was to be slightly frustrated .
Narcissistic parents are nothing new .
It stinks of warmongering propaganda .
The rivalry has shifted over the years .
She says her brother was coerced to lie .
Your question may already be answered .
And there will be actions they agree on .
The research has now been discredited .
We know that these songs have a fan base .
He would have done better to keep quiet .
Because he wants to bring about change .
Her father later contacted the police .
No investors were named in the lawsuit .
The main thing is we got there in the end .
Operations and maintenance expenses .
Due to the large number of failed banks .
Some lenders are already in the market .
We can never reconstruct that history .
She is fully aware of this possibility .
There was puttying and window washing .
Guess what they need to follow no rules .
Salman said the attack was unprovoked .
An inquiry is inquisitorial in nature .
Unsuprisingly no bid was forthcoming .
The men all insisted they are innocent .
Redknapp had his own version of events .
The company apologised for the outage .
His religion will provide that for him .
No good can come of kissing and telling .
It has always been some sort of fantasy .
A cast of five performers was selected .
My dad asked me to drive him to the store .
Nightly performances start tomorrow .
Only a movie star could get away with it .
We are trying to find the golden nugget .
They are due to reconvene this morning .
Some dwellings lack roofs altogether .
Police declined to say what killed him .
The two men suffered deep knife wounds .
Smith told him to stop talking that way .
Both those parties are in the field now .
But seeing them again now surprised me .
I would greatly appreciate your input .
But that was their last lead of the game .
He helped so many children in the world .
I thought he was dressed in a proper way .
No substantive issue has been tackled .
The orders still tend toward the geeky .
Four others were treated and released .
But both can not be true at the same time .
The window opened and revealed terror .
They are also appealing for witnesses .
He fought in four significant battles .
When you work hard you get your rewards .
A year and a half on and we are still here .
He had been suspended pending the case .
Sheepishly they return to their posts .
He had a great civility about the court .
Acting with the voice is an honored art .
Players have taken it upon themselves .
Dead bad guys are not repeat offenders .
No one was injured in the remote region .
The plan was elaborate and outlandish .
He got up shaking his head in disbelief .
The role is not to represent employees .
The cause has not yet been established .
And it often does contain real insight .
He remembered his pupil with fondness .
I had blogs about dreaming about girls .
The investigation will take some days .
None of which quite fits with the image .
But no one can predict what will happen .
Various locations around the country .
Give us this day our daily retribution .
But there are serious problems with it .
Baltimore nearly got a hit in the sixth .
In many cases it is simply impractical .
His father was a hero to party liberals .
Wait until these men and women get home .
He has made similar threats in the past .
She became fabulously rich and famous .
Negative reinforcement breaks bonds .
Feel free to jump in with your thoughts .
A burst of gunfire rang out at one point .
She said she once nearly froze to death .
Obermeyer was not part of the research .
It is also said to be autobiographical .
A lot of crazy and insane things happen .
Leo had filled in the blanks of her life .
One big shortcoming is the gas mileage .
The loan officer noted this on the site .
Think of it as a vast historical record .
Do what it takes to make your life yours .
Outsiders seem unable to hold the ring .
Germans showed they could give a party .
We the people continue to pay the price .
Her mobile phone is also still missing .
Some kind of line has just been crossed .
The last six decades my heart hardened .
Autumn leaves take some strange turns .
High acidity in your wine choice is key .
They even slipped a bill under the door .
I was scared of getting worse and worse .
That was the reason the case was tossed .
Divide the topics up between the units .
She takes her cellphone with her to bed .
Place the ricotta in a large pasta bowl .
Beauty and youth are not the same thing .
My son of eight is doing badly at school .
You can turn the page whenever you want .
I am no longer sure that this is correct .
Analyzing the next stage in the crisis .
But we each play our roles with the kids .
Other dishes are overbearingly salty .
Many of the losers have a better record .
Tehran has always denied involvement .
Yet it must be a better bill that passes .
He replaced them with more pliant ones .
Their lips are chapped and faces burnt .
That is an interesting contradiction .
But it is definitely on the chilly side .
Criminals usually use different name .
The chaos sapped the dollar overnight .
There were two airline safety reports .
We as consumers need to know our rights .
A win here and their season will be made .
Bajaur is a crucial hub for insurgents .
The reports did not say where it landed .
Traders saw the bank as overleveraged .
Some cases stretch across continents .
The vocal minority should be put aside .
It is not about harassing young people .
I tuned in to a radio interview with him .
Stage three is denial of risk and peril .
He clipped the car and span off the road .
Ehrlich appeared to be on to something .
The rescue crews arrived within hours .
But spending more means repaying more .
The stimulus may only be the beginning .
Several people have been killed so far .
This is no way to run a financial system .
French colonial attire is encouraged .
Sexual thoughts were far from her mind .
Fundraising abroad is on the increase .
Metro workers try to separate the cars .
Housing advocates applauded the plan .
Probably watched too much television .
Push this line of questioning further .
He wore a balaclava and bright red coat .
Normal humans voted with their wallet .
Six suspected insurgents were killed .
Compare it to an original if you have it .
He found solace via social networking .
In response to a couple of the comments .
It would be good to hear news about that .
It will end with the great convergence .
You flatten everything in front of you .
I have worked for a bank and a hedge fund .
But she did not want to go in for testing .
His business model too speaks volumes .
I probably ought to just write a cheque .
The date for this has yet to be revealed .
It started this whole points business .
The campaign disputed that assertion .
Some joyous and others incredibly sad .
His right left was broken in two places .
Much about the crime remains a mystery .
And there have been other recent deals .
It said the allegations were baseless .
But it is unclear whether it has worked .
Their species has not been determined .
Certainly more than she did a month ago .
The vice president and the greenhouse .
Looks like the neocons are still upset .
Of course we looked at arrivals as well .
But that was not enough to calm markets .
But that would be the wrong conclusion .
Russian music plays in the background .
We have to have our priorities you know .
Security itself remained a pipe dream .
He will be more than welcome in my party .
You need the instruments and the tools .
You need to be part of this partnership .
It typically begins in the third grade .
Clean everything from the metal frame .
It is arguably her best ride of the week .
They are required to use a paper system .
They wanted to create new forms of life .
I thought carpenters worked with wood .
Often it takes time for love to develop .
He learned how to use it and shot to kill .
He argues that this is work in progress .
All witnesses are asked this question .
I was sent back home to fetch a newer one .
Having a bike opened the place up for me .
Reports say it was on fire as it crashed .
He spent about four hours at his office .
He said it was unclear who was fighting .
See the most romantic movie locations .
It requires urgent medical attention .
Simmons is doing well to tough this out .
He certainly had a great year last year .
The thought makes me sick to my stomach .
The entire country is not salvageable .
Critics say the law is vague and unfair .
And the case for strong action remains .
I would not pay extra for a digital copy .
That is where the rubber meets the road .
His skin was wet and covered with flies .
Kallis gave the bowlers no such laxity .
Graham calls it an answer to his prayer .
Liukin has the elegance of a ballerina .
Then they chuck them in the back of a van .
The ball barreled into the lower right .
Iran will never be quite the same again .
And my main resolution is even clearer .
This type of study is the most reliable .
It is the government that made the mess .
They will now hope the team does as well .
It is important to still take holidays .
A ruling could come as soon as next week .
Influenza viruses mutate constantly .
As a result we have been forced to fight .
There were so many lost opportunities .
Moharebeh can carry the death penalty .
Many had been wondering the same thing .
Five militants were said to be injured .
They are completely different beasts .
That fight is part of a larger struggle .
This is not the stuff of happy motoring .
Two people were bumped involuntarily .
But he acknowledged more work remains .
Africa has been particularly hard hit .
Cows were rejected for the same reason .
Service is available on most carriers .
Germany is mulling something similar .
Other events have also been disrupted .
He is also rumoured to be a hard drinker .
The old man has tea served to his guests .
That worked sooo well for the russians .
He is navigating the giddiest of paths .
Tennis finds itself in a vicious cycle .
You could have scarred the lad for life .
These themes are repeated everywhere .
A decision is expected in about a month .
Now she leads an allergy support group .
Their tour was immediately abandoned .
Anecdotal evidence tells me this is so .
Take that mentality to your job search .
I just played it my way and sang it my way .
The economy this week is a case in point .
Those individuals have been notified .
Thanks much to the many of you who did so .
This was a family fighting for its life .
He also announces an internal inquiry .
The wheel is finally beginning to turn .
European bourses were also tentative .
Both are described as having dark hair .
Rose deserves marks for his diplomacy .
Turn off heat and add a little soy sauce .
Then the season got off to a shaky start .
They never occurred when he was active .
The house was vacated within five days .
I have never been so tense in all my life .
I had one problem with a printer driver .
His patients and colleagues liked him .
Hamas said four of its men were injured .
You have to leave something in the tank .
An official investigation is ongoing .
This season is about color with impact .
The big difference was in cost and time .
Eissa was then sentenced to six months .
But that was not the root of the problem .
The prime minister was also in his debt .
His father was a painter and decorator .
But the risks for both proved too great .
Red wine is brimming with resveratrol .
He declined to comment as he left court .
She has it as her mobile phone ringtone .
The sand cracked and hummed underfoot .
No one party meets my needs or approval .
They have released no further comment .
I have no idea what happened after that .
You have to be careful with crocodiles .
He said the investigation was ongoing .
The answer is fairly straightforward .
The soup is getting ready to hit the fan .
That will go over well in the elections .
This maximizes vehicle steerability .
By now a blazing sun had dried the pitch .
He did not volunteer his prison record .
Look who the republicans have given us .
The house also has an attic for storage .
They also test the fence for weak spots .
Perhaps we shared the same taxi driver .
Early implementation proved chaotic .
Click here to see terms and conditions .
The biggest source of gloom is housing .
There are major differences of course .
Then they both heard a noise on the roof .
After the meeting everything was fine .
Alarmingly there is no emergency exit .
It guides our behaviour and decisions .
We showed great character to come back .
Antimatter has not always been so rare .
He also had a laceration to his left ear .
I can still improve all parts of my game .
Much less stick them in a cut glass vase .
The biology analogy has come up before .
My vet calls me the geriatric pet owner .
This week brought increased pressure .
And then there are those who swear by it .
Someone needs to explain this one to us .
I grab one and neck a glass of champagne .
Keane had often been the absent squire .
None of them looked happy in their work .
The prosecutor drew heated criticism .
Our government is an inclusive one now .
He could face drunken driving charges .
The class has a maximum of six students .
I could start building a city tomorrow .
He will be selling his soul to the devil .
We had a few fish going by and a sting ray .
The best solution for me has been sleep .
Funds to its retirement plan platform.
Health care fraud is a perfect example .
We had come to find its former army base .
I gave up acting and wrote my first play .
I drink several cups of tea over the day .
None of the planned attacks took place .
His fundamental assumption is flawed .
Congressional action would be needed .
The real issue becomes quality of life .
But the way they do so is very different .
She said she was neutral in the contest .
They learned next to nothing in school .
There are three confirmed fatalities .
They deal in the anguish of human flesh .
Now the service comes just once a month .
The text of the advertisement follows .
Evans is no stranger to close finishes .
The quality of the oil is also critical .
Korhonen had a difficult act to follow .
The two people in the buggy were unhurt .
It is now crammed with concrete hotels .
Here are four bikes that try to do it all .
No obvious solution is open to the king .
Police initially said she had drowned .
It must use it well and use it sparingly .
But her response is only partly in jest .
Everything was defined by redemption .
Yet employment is still on the decline .
Stress is how you feel when things suck .
We need to see an end to our involvement .
No wonder so few people have claimed it .
But that is not where the future will be .
You can discount a return to recession .
There were no arrests in the taxi crash .
Dodd is appealing against the penalty .
The historians will chew on his record .
He would never have fought an election .
That appeared to be the end of the story .
He will tour a home damaged in an attack .
He also resumed his therapy dog visits .
Thank you for your column and this blog .
The teams split four games this season .
All you fathers have to do is read it out .
Any one of them might tip him to victory .
But these critics are boxing a glacier .
The insurance companies control them .
She also has a parliamentary majority .
The other baby appeared to be a newborn .
Abramsky had little formal schooling .
Some skylights are barely noticeable .
And then there were the phony tipsters .
Diary can see it storming up the charts .
The politics in this country are a joke .
Nobody hangs around in the classrooms .
Now it has wisely postponed a decision .
The winning entries will be displayed .
We need to establish some ground rules .
It feels like the opposite of progress .
We all know the answer to that one by now .
But even that has been relatively tame .
And everyone breathed a sigh of relief .
The new target station supplies these .
We shall see how effective this will be .
There was either too little or too much .
The federal deficit must be addressed .
Money lessons should continue at home .
Pollution is just as bad as bad science .
The simplest technique is to chop it up .
This is also a time for human ingenuity .
Most of us try to do too much for our kids .
The alleged victim was not identified .
Was suprised it was on the air that long .
All four are potential high achievers .
But the markets were moving against it .
It also has much leaner staffing costs .
This would involve issuing new shares .
When my father found out he hit the roof .
But their real motive was more prosaic .
Lots and lots of trophies made of metal .
He came straight home and released her .
Perhaps the era of budgets is behind us .
Once there it is easy to understand why .
Their families still live in trailers .
Some are capable of killing some fungi .
Prices vary from one centre to another .
Commodities are becoming overvalued .
Excerpts from some comments are below .
They winnow and widen and winnow again .
Ness spent all day fighting to breathe .
No wonder the economy is in the crapper .
Sometimes this would resolve the case .
The herd mentality is a powerful thing .
In the quickness of life we are in death .
No one tells me to get up and shrug it off .
The film ends in something of a whimper .
I call it the curse of too much free time .
It would certainly embitter politics .
The criticism and questions followed .
Thank you for all of your helpful hints .
An appeal court reversed the decision .
Let them impose a suitable punishment .
We must transform ourselves or perish .
Those loans have since been disbursed .
Paratrooper we stand guard for our own .
The forests here provide for our needs .
It means you have to take six months off .
Her fingers tremble with frustration .
We are all deeply saddened by this news .
The workers lost three other lawsuits .
We must fight the urge to deck the halls .
Periods of tension require tiptoeing .
But then they go right with the next guy .
Thanks for giving me a sense of his life .
I still hope to have a home again one day .
Competing on price alone is not enough .
Much of the problem lies with the cargo .
Fullana also pulled out before the end .
Transportation choices such as car vs.
It is soon after the turn of the century .
Deteriorating ever and now desperate .
I put the phone down and just felt empty .
But experts doubt that it was involved .
In tests it seemed to work brilliantly .
The report has drawn fire from lenders .
I am not asking for fortune or treasure .
He received a polite round of applause .
Everything is going according to plan .
This is extraordinarily complex work .
If they want a ticket they cannot leave .
Visitors must be approved by the court .
The scene was surreal on a recent visit .
You kind of expect it on a show like that .
He promised to protect their daughter .
The second round was a different story .
Since then word has spread far and wide .
Abercrombie is having other problems .
He should allow her to run her campaign .
Some complained about dirty stations .
Conspiracy theorists are everywhere .
There are runs on banks in this country .
But it could have all been so different .
He will be invited on all the chat shows .
And on and on it went throughout the day .
Enjoy your crazy conspiracy theories .
Everything will be back to normal soon .
I loved the newspaper headline as well .
Repeat with remaining dough and balls .
I predicted this outcome two weeks ago .
They learn the importance of teamwork .
We are always looking for great people .
The body of one victim lay in the street .
Have waffles and ice cream and cookies .
King was no infallible prophet either .
Brewer was not immediately reachable .
But anyone caught not only faces a fine .
Phasellus faucibus commodo accumsan .
I can conceive of two possible answers .
There was a complication with the date .
His son declined to comment afterward .
Two soldiers were killed in the attack .
Not among his golf colleagues it seems .
We passed that in a bipartisan fashion .
This review has helped to achieve that .
The irony of the title is overwhelming .
You could get valuable advice this way .
Many details remain to be hammered out .
First is the immediate blow to the head .
There was no discussion of casualties .
A lot of the audience is international .
That is less true of global recessions .
He preferred to work behind the scenes .
Or they can choose to become emigrants .
There is an interesting caveat to this .
Who is a friend might depend on context .
This change is effective immediately .
Prosecutors said greed was the motive .
Iran has denied any role in that attack .
They note the hum of your passing tires .
We knew that as we have already faced it .
We had to get back to the lodge and quick .
And you take a loooooooong time to do it .
Now finally permission has been given .
This is also the prime time for divorce .
Thank you for sharing these qualities .
The age of chivalry is no longer with us .
Rodents are not susceptible to rabies .
A lifebelt on the quayside was not used .
But now their patience is wearing thin .
But now everything really has changed .
They come to his concerts when they can .
I think the whole society needs to rise .
The network will pay off its four staff .
Swollen glands followed close behind .
An opening date has not been announced .
Liars are only protecting themselves .
The days of battlefield honor are gone .
There were tears running down her face .
Stay tuned as the marketplace decides .
Their stays range from weeks to months .
The division includes some anomalies .
But there were important differences .
These effects have a biological basis .
But the enterprise had traction again .
A choice of developer is expected soon .
The three have all denied involvement .
He and his colleagues deny it fiercely .
But the family savings plan continues .
Your absence of humanity is different .
Stryker says such fears are overblown .
But that seems increasingly unlikely .
More than half of that money was her own .
Hundreds of oil coated birds have died .
So you have to smile about these things .
Three items ended up in shipping yards .
He had never smoked and was overweight .
As if that is out of place in this series .
They want to delay the day of reckoning .
They were to remain there for four days .
But the uncertainty quickly deepened .
A total of eight bodies were recovered .
The facts of the case were not the issue .
The pair are not so friendly these days .
It was never intended for publication .
Awards will be given in two categories .
Now its effects can be felt everywhere .
It has profanity and graphic violence .
And everyone wants to join the journey .
There is only one server in the country .
It was later found to have disappeared .
She described him as a wonderful child .
A construction boom has turned to bust .
Its like oliander and virgin olive oil .
They were both released on police bail .
But its effects were gone by the summer .
Neither person was seriously injured .
You get yelled at enough by the coaches .
Lunny grew up on a ranch in the seashore .
The averages conceal age differences .
Yet he will be able to do little about it .
Much of the advice posted is quite good .
It was not known whether he had a lawyer .
My family is still the center of my life .
Benefit from encouraging victimhood .
The reasons for the action was unclear .
Buy both and move into the former manse .
The audience rightly went wild for her .
And in some sense it was a legal dispute .
She is now left with six grandchildren .
Just looks at postings on the internet .
Tens of thousands of people lost power .
Obama inherited this plus a recession .
The results also exclude online sales .
His methods are seriously misleading .
Its author will be celebrated forever .
Paramedics could not resuscitate her .
The karma continues to swing their way .
There is no way to resolve this dilemna .
He remained in custody with no bail set .
The hijacking occurred at around dawn .
Here are just two routes in particular .
Natural gas prices continue to tumble .
The devices share an operating system .
It was his duty to ensure they were sent .
We get word that a leopard has been seen .
Further details may be added over time .
The couple have two sons and a daughter .
Both victims were expected to survive .
No better or no worse but just what he is .
He said that was still many months away .
We have caused their values to decline .
Demjanjuk says he fell into this group .
Jelavic was at first equally wasteful .
You must go in step with the government .
Only one delegate hangs in the balance .
The strategy may be politically sound .
The couple already has three children .
The hearing room door remained locked .
Greed seems tolerable when we are rich .
I wish all major stars from the past wou .
Leave your thoughts on the movie below .
A common sin is to omit the denominator .
Ray figures he is honoring all the dead .
She has had extensive plastic surgery .
We cannot afford the cost to taxpayers .
Such are the remnants of our existence .
The case has been passed to the coroner .
Turning off the tap is relatively easy .
I would add only the factor of location .
He was unable to recall where he read it .
Be bold in representing yourself well .
The museum was an unexpected pleasure .
Life on the perch promises to be lively .
The cash was in both sterling and euros .
He has had successes in his own country .
Nor will he even consider it for a while .
He was greeted with deafening silence .
The fight against terror is shrinking .
One of the wings was partially torn off .
That allowed it to be a more human story .
A cautionary tale for all journalists .
The hostages were held in the band room .
That could leave him out for two months .
A rescue operation was still under way .
Never had they spent money so lavishly .
But at least our gods take credit cards .
One drawing may take weeks to complete .
She said the flight crew remained calm .
She said her mother took the news badly .
Those of us on the inside know the truth .
No trial date has been set for that case .
The shock is only beginning to wear off .
I accept that it is a provocative title .
She and six male teenagers deny murder .
I am glad that we have early voting here .
Some were still holding shopping bags .
Most native bee species are in decline .
The woman lay on a mattress on the floor .
And it happens when we fall into a ditch .
The jury deadlocked on a murder charge .
But they were not just teasing a friend .
People will pay money for performance .
Limitations on malpractice lawsuits .
Another slow start cost them dear here .
Astonishing at how rediculous this is .
And he kept it going and going and going .
University education remains a dream .
I absolutely definitely like the rear .
But it warned countries to be vigilant .
He said vets had given her the all clear .
The court also issues decisions today .
You might say that this hardly matters .
Comedians always listen to the laughs .
One of the two men was killed in the fall .
Furniture and blinds will have to wait .
Thanks again for joining me on the chat .
She told her brother to make a decision .
It seems a bizarre moment to down tools .
But that was when the knocking stopped .
A harsher credit crunch could be fatal .
Yet few ministers now have a doctorate .
Then the children were given two tasks .
The final name will be decided shortly .
They both had one kick to save the world .
Clottey grew up in a house with one room .
She was intubated in the delivery room .
Words were exchanged with the officer .
He arrived in the region late last week .
Officials decided to drill more holes .
We are thinking about central defence .
Consumer confidence is at a record low .
A temporary book is a temporary memory .
One member articulates the challenge .
His gun remained tucked under the desk .
The judge blamed a substitute bailiff .
And for those who want to shop from home .
The event is free and open to the public .
These days all the nation is depressed .
We will see what kind of president he is .
Two union officials were also charged .
He continued working into his sixties .
The name of the driver was not released .
Either they get their way or we get ours .
His last such engagement was this year .
They all has a great leader to look up to .
He needs to work on that part of his game .
They say they are determined to stay on .
She may be plagued by body image issues .
I will not take them poached or broiled .
It is the third time he has won the honor .
It is a trap for aimless readers like me .
Football is intrinsically uncertain .
It was her worst match of the fortnight .
Please stay and show us what comes next .
You end up embarrassed to be who you are .
The status checks apply to all workers .
Since then he has been a priceless stud .
The driver did not deny using the words .
It is not yet known what caused the fire .
Righteousness does not suit the press .
Investors suspended their disbelief .
He has dropped his last four decisions .
Probably it would have helped if he had .
Self defense could have saved her life .
He would have no money for war supplies .
The size of the network is also smaller .
Thank you for your important campaign .
There were plenty of repeat customers .
Sport is such a huge part of our culture .
Because they were considered too hard .
The answer is adaptive cruise control .
Little pieces broke off the upper deck .
Up to six youths started to shout abuse .
Worse than murderers and paedophiles .
Nature has reclaimed parts of the town .
They have won small victories already .
Not much damage seems to have been done .
He says this is now fiercely contested .
Bankruptcy law is a good place to start .
They are supporting wilful slaughter .
He was unanimously sentenced to death .
People have bigger problems right now .
It is worth having a look at the numbers .
Because immortality is not the answer .
Both aspects have been misunderstood .
So restraint may be a challenge for him .
I was delighted that we had to take it in .
Thank you for all of the helpful advice .
The next couple of months will be vital .
The real agony emerges in adolescence .
Blaming him just makes you look stupid .
In this competition you have to suffer .
Nails are also driven through his feet .
That may be just what the country needs .
They are war combatants not criminals .
With him was a woman he said was his wife .
That uncertainty should be dealt with .
Kelly leaped and intercepted the pass .
A phone number is all that is necessary .
He has not been implicated personally .
That sort of thing can cloud judgement .
Briefs are due in the appeal next month .
But percentages are pretty arbitrary .
Collins cites one reason for optimism .
Just the thing for a sandstone rockery .
Not to do so sets a dangerous precedent .
But hark at the sloppiness of my tenses .
He said the sales dip was an aberration .
They complain they are being squeezed .
For sure beating her is a big deal for me .
Only four skulls have been found so far .
As the director of a state arts council .
There are actually two prizes to be had .
The play was confirmed on video review .
The couple are to marry when he returns .
We can finance it outside of the system .
It took her four years to clear her name .
Ideally the output gap would be at zero .
Sometimes even reality has its limits .
Kindly go and find another gravy train .
One reason to think so is simple enough .
Also getting proper sleep is a big help .
The company had anticipated declines .
I march purposefully round the corner .
Almost everyone there is someone else .
She walks the line between good and bad .
The real story is the crisis of the left .
Which is precisely why they got busted .
Not all the bhavans are so utilitarian .
Kenyan markets have taken a battering .
Their mother was wounded in the attack .
Rue apparently got a huge kick out of it .
Financial terms will not be disclosed .
So my exit last night was rather a shock .
When nothing happened they pressed on .
The bus then sheared off a fire hydrant .
The quarter has been brutal for stocks .
It was refreshing to read this article .
The authorities deny the allegations .
He also had a love of good conversation .
I just want everybody to think about it .
The scan found he had suffered a stroke .
Strategy here defines the final order .
The troops are in a ludicrous position .
He stabbed her again and left her to die .
Some of these comments are disgusting .
There was a commotion ahead and a growl .
Employers are already dropping plans .
The other two judges escaped unharmed .
The residents are used to the visitors .
That treasure has remained unclaimed .
Friday was her expected delivery date .
Everybody plays everybody else twice .
A judicial review is already under way .
This last one stumps the brats in spats .
Anyone can be on television these days .
Moskaluk later said the search is over .
You should do the same with healthcare .
He was found guilty earlier this month .
And that in turn means they look absurd .
She could do better at all those things .
The results came as a blow to the museum .
Liquidation was literally that close .
Authors are being intimidated as well .
I think that we must fight in every game .
Both involved curing people of cancer .
This is partly a product of the oil boom .
It has sparked protests from managers .
Set your calendar for good times ahead .
He has more than adhered to that mantra .
They have a moral strength and purpose .
Time for a change is a powerful message .
But there are vast reserves of oil here .
The whole area is encircled by the army .
I believe that was his primary failing .
This sure seems like politics as usual .
Tehran has so far spurned the proposal .
No one is allowed without pen and paper .
They insist that this is not a good plan .
Obviously we know that he was very thin .
I walked through the fairground gates .
Makes it hard to assess the actual data .
It is the strongest part of his armoury .
They are quite different technically .
Then they told us the engine had failed .
He wore a set of dog tags around his neck .
Just got my first paycheck from google.
Always ask yourself a simple question .
Too many turnovers and near turnovers .
Krakhauer sounds like a crackpot to me .
No one has been charged in the slayings .
The food colorants became known later .
Barner was out before he hit the ground .
Of course you are depressed and crying .
He has not yet entered a plea in the case .
But then came the dismal third quarter .
They worked night and day in that state .
This deal will help reverse that trend .
Acclaimed poet and short story writer .
Many thanks for the honest correction .
Your music is needed now more than ever .
The only sticking point for me was cost .
She died from extensive head injuries .
Crewing expenses are the biggest cost .
I think the punishment is tough enough .
The political benefits are debatable .
Thank you for an elegant reminiscence .
Nor is it simply not spending the money .
He said he did not know she was under age .
At the time the plea was unprecedented .
The line to get in stretched two blocks .
Actually it could have been about that .
Legislators criticized the decision .
But this paper offered another theory .
The storm confounded meteorologists .
This is a landmark piece of journalism .
But the homemade one was made with love .
Ronaldo makes the biggest difference .
Her kidneys are at high risk of failure .
He did not walk a batter and fanned four .
The hotel does not accept credit cards .
Congress tries to reform credit cards .
He had five rebounds and seven assists .
Not everyone agrees with his position .
We built them and we can take them apart .
It was above and beyond the call of duty .
Neither does their font or typography .
General and administrative expenses .
We profile the famous and the infamous .
Children of eight are very rarely lazy .
Perhaps you do not recognize the issue .
Moore could not be reached for comment .
Their symptoms were described as mild .
My partner in dining said he enjoyed it .
Sterling rallied slightly yesterday .
We have the attention span of children .
It certainly does not say much for them .
She is the embodiment of conservatism .
She put on little shows in her backyard .
He also denied his compatriots medals .
He has got a very strong interest in him .
Organizers said they could do neither .
A new chief executive needs to be found .
I cannot imagine one without the other .
Paul is an ideal face for the franchise .
The king inaugurated it only last year .
Both are uncomfortable in their shoes .
But his heart is on the left of his party .
The dollar has weathered these storms .
Each man pleaded guilty to conspiracy .
It would be unrealistic to expect it to .
But the problem continued to nag at him .
Pet snake saves family from house fire .
I am about to rewind it to watch it again .
Bookmakers had red as a firm favourite .
This promotion system has two aspects .
I think we have the best rushing attack .
Paramedics rushed him to the hospital .
Adame is trying to find a silver lining .
Reassurance is what shoppers need now .
The cross bears a strange inscription .
Word comes in that the suspect is there .
That contention has never been proved .
Asian markets fell more dramatically .
They are all doing it in their home turf .
Two police officers are among the dead .
We delivered on our side of the bargain .
Nothing could be seen but destruction .
These deals are ripe for cancellation .
But listen carefully to how they say it .
Someone was asking if mac are affected .
Rinse the mushrooms to remove any grit .
Terrorists fire on the bus as they flee .
Romney forces seek to spin a tough loss .
Sales at most teen merchants were weak .
Some voices plead for a return to peace .
It was served whole on a bed of couscous .
Love fills the room when talking about .
It would be great to do a floor some time .
It has not been an easy decision to make .
It was noon and we had a few hours to kill .
A third man suffered serious injuries .
Asian business leaders are rock stars .
Which only kicked up more controversy .
He denied he was speaking under duress .
Centrica would also be a natural buyer .
May be better than taking meidcations .
Other scientists are more optimistic .
Now comes your moment to say something .
No serious person proposes any of this .
The cause of the crash was not reported .
At least she has a good health care plan .
He is hoping the ring will still turn up .
Europe lacked practice in those areas .
Eventually they were almost soothing .
Another example relates to terrorism .
This bestows an immediate difficulty .
To most people he is a complete mystery .
You become incredibly observational .
It is time to crack down on these drunks .
The fire was extinguished hours later .
Yemen is discussing a similar measure .
It is covered with insulting graffiti .
High winds did some damage at the shore .
The road was closed for over five hours .
Garrido fathered two daughters by her .
They can just hit it with the satellite .
I paid heavily for both indiscretions .
History tends to back up that judgment .
This confusion is caused by two things .
They faltered because of the concerns .
If you were actually facing the choice .
What poor examples of our young people .
Its business model relied on leverage .
Other commodities also traded higher .
I am addicted to their daily flatbread .
His parents separated when he was four .
Changing your routine may work as well .
Search and rescue must trump security .
Airlines were working to clear delays .
Make the other team work for every shot .
We should make them permanent because .
He did not dodge the awkward questions .
But enforcement is a very tricky issue .
Someone went in there and did a good job .
Clough then punched him in the stomach .
One of the reasons is supply and demand .
Algae would work fine for this purpose .
He was assassinated five months later .
South succeeds with an avoidance play .
Sublime tactician and passer of a ball .
Live music and refreshments included .
The little guy must have woke up cranky .
Coffee is the best thing ever invented .
But he is coy when it comes to specifics .
A former senator and a former governor .
A nice pint of bitter and some crumpets .
And so the religious audio wars rage on .
A great champagne for a historic night .
His bail was set at one million dollars .
I fell in love when they were in the womb .
It asked the court to accept the appeal .
No public plan to keep pricing in check.
But this day is not like every other day .
This is a potential source of friction .
Being needed is the best part of the job .
Now the party is looking to capitalize .
And the timing is indeed quite strange .
We do not have a right to take such risks .
A granite marker was placed at the site .
The lawsuit seeks to recover the money .
They asked for an immediate jury trial .
No one should get bonuses of any sought .
He was sentenced to six years in prison .
It is because they think you are needed .
Show us the research that makes it safe .
The menu is flexible and contemporary .
I feel the expense is in very poor taste .
Ahmadinny was really caught off guard .
Another outdoor game is on the horizon .
The nuptials followed a rocky romance .
We are simply looking for some closure .
I think you answered your own question .
Baker drove in another run in the third .
Congress may also balk at the price tag .
Fingerprints are digitally recorded .
The comment seemed like a casual aside .
Introduce new characters from school .
He had four service breaks in the match .
He would also see two other statistics .
That evidence has not been made public .
He felt the tremors a few minutes later .
And some chilly temperatures at night .
The internet was no longer a safe place .
He imposed an ever stricter dress code .
A plan to cut taxes for the middle class .
The media in this country is a disgrace .
So there are dramas brewing backstage .
They are not afraid of making mistakes .
He paced the sideline after turnovers .
But asset prices are in the danger zone .
Neither defendant showed any emotion .
Nobody said it should have been banned .
We have got some good results under him .
They even analyzed her sleep patterns .
It is very difficult psychologically .
Broxton finishes them off in the ninth .
He makes sense of the music he conducts .
The only way to do that is to just say yes .
They are often mistaken for dinosaurs .
This is a hugely complicated exercise .
It left the court with all options open .
At this they have certainly succeeded .
It had little or nothing to do with race .
Kenya was the first county she visited .
There are two ways to view this history .
My diet has changed quite drastically .
How many people can pay their mortgage .
The silence did not erase the memories .
Banks are also moving into technology .
It turned out the whole community knew .
Few actually showed up with a strategy .
Price stayed on the mound for the ninth .
Maybe he thought there were not enough .
It would not identify those companies .
We all needed to hear much more from him .
He said he may have been hit from behind .
The buds on the trees are clenched shut .
Though he was not injured he was shaken .
But the credit crisis put an end to that .
A unified purpose has yet to take shape .
October was a degree warmer than usual .
Her evolution has been highly visible .
I buy almost exclusively throguh them .
The president denies the allegations .
Seven patrol volunteers were wounded .
He goes over the classroom rules again .
It does have public health advantages .
It was the location of one of the stores .
She is a tiny little elf of a human being .
Banks has not yet retained an attorney .
Keep burning candles away from drafts .
He was arrested when he went to meet her .
Doctors no longer enjoy patient trust.
But sometimes they outtalk their work .
The expectation elicits the response .
The dispute is over pay and conditions .
Below are the basics of what they found .
Forty others were wounded in the blast .
That does not reflect reality any more .
But the areas that were hit got hit hard .
None had previously had such problems .
An array of forged documents followed .
He should acknowledge what went wrong .
The family can now lodge a legal appeal .
Others might find it tastefully frank .
Initial reaction to the film was muted .
It was a label that stuck until college .
And that can never be said often enough .
Azinger was correct in his assessment .
Treasury supervises the bailout fund .
They are also open to a compulsory levy .
My friend was recovering from surgery .
Only churches and bars are on that list .
The entire nation would be back to work .
His nearest neighbours are miles away .
The site also lists vacation packages .
She focused on crime and city finances .
Which is what you get in a one party city .
She too denies all charges against her .
The results were essentially the same .
But the second one is proving trickier .
Simmons leaves a wife and two children .
Few are willing to predict the outcome .
Quayle was lambasted for the incident .
If the media was important to politics .
One has to wonder how any work gets done .
Soldiers fight and kill and are killed .
Then the dollar really could be doomed .
Talk about one game summing up a season .
Charging little or nothing at the door .
I had quite a struggle picking my songs .
Time for a bit of yin to go with that yang .
And she would not have sounded genuine .
The principles of it apply to everyone .
Everyone thought someone else had her .
Sophocles left that little detail out .
The log jam will be broke next election .
And failed state may be a generous term .
But it said the situation is improving .
I have been out of prison for four years .
This is more style than it is substance .
The homework wears down many students .
But it is easy to be wise after the event .
He has had habits he needs to come out of .
Troopers said the boy died at the scene .
The trade deal is still not an easy sell .
Variety must have their wires crossed .
Below are a selection of your comments .
Mother and daughter called me in tears .
Ali does not even have his arms with him .
I suggest we bring back trial by combat .
And the crime rackets have gone global .
There is no substitute for being there .
The board did not explain its decision .
Migraines tend to be estrogen related .
The movie was about retrofiting a city .
Discrepancies are displayed in color.
But that is where all similarities end .
The first had suffered an unusual fate .
He said he found a well of stubbornness .
You want to hang on for a thousand years .
Some dense areas of fog are also likely .
I understand how young designers fail .
Oil is the poison in the diplomatic mix .
He scored three times and drove in a run .
That takes care of your entertainment .
Revenge is a force that crosses genres .
He was convicted on a majority verdict .
Know that this illness is progressive .
Roseland is not affected by the strike .
But they are only the tip of the iceberg .
He said talks are ongoing on that point .
The letter was written to his children .
Four youths stand charged with murder .
The building is across from a city park .
Arrange fish on small beds of the pesto .
Maggie did that in political politics .
Our interests can be protected better .
He never even mentions his own numbers .
And a man with greying hair sweeping up .
Only the bridge people are being moved .
The wider ministerial cadre is lumpen .
He was charged with theft and released .
But their families had other memories .
Jobs explains why the device is unique .
Powell seemed to buy into his own press .
Prosecutors have opposed the request .
And of course it may mean nothing at all .
So with stock and commodity exchanges .
We are discharging our duties as clerk .
Her driver was freed the following day .
I am not defending republicans either .
We must not go back to those bad old days .
I should have expressed myself better .
Where you have very little brand power .
At least two other people were wounded .
But the fishermen seem less concerned .
Gunfire could be heard in the distance .
And then someone will probably nick it .
Johnson is mostly amused by such terms .
Yet nothing in politics is inevitable .
Other carriers are expected to follow .
But the science is conflicting on that .
One of the victims was also identified .
It is not the first incident of its kind .
Coffee and doughnuts to keep him going .
The time and place is not every weekend .
A tasty morsel with my coffee and paper .
They also understand the environment .
Others prefer a quick twist of the neck .
King would probably not have objected .
My prayers are with you and your family .
European markets closed higher today .
Either you think deficit is good or bad .
But they make a tough sell even tougher .
It was absolutely ripping my heart out .
And the choices could get harder still .
Bomar did not provide a tally of deaths .
Whoever takes over will inherit a mess .
His strappy sandals have modest heels .
It was clear we were going to personnel .
The country deserves better than this .
But judges think he was taking the piss .
He loved it and had made a lot of friends .
Absolutely no symbolism was intended .
One day you might have me as a passenger .
It is quite clear this rankled with him .
This test was no different to any other .
A class conflict between town and gown .
It had five rooms and a single bathroom .
Those tallies are undoubtedly too low .
He has never learned to fake sincerity .
The process is cumbersome and too slow .
Food prices have gone up considerably .
But it seems to be becoming more common .
And that world is certainly shrinking .
The day did not go unmarked everywhere .
I think the court ruling is very unfair .
But there was also a serious side to him .
Imposing figures would cause a mutiny .
A wide neckline also balances the hips .
We assume he battered the competition .
How great to read such a positive story .
Your mind is challenged by what you see .
He can continue practicing until then .
Still there is not a whiff of inflation .
I was a bit awed by how well they had done .
And some weird music assaulted my ears .
His office gave no date for his arrival .
Legislation to ban cluster munitions .
Trutanich enters term with changes in .
An onlooker took down her number plate .
I always knew there is life after death .
Not enough is being done to tackle this .
It did not say if there were any matches .
Bonus points available for blood puns .
Please stop kicking him when he is down .
He could be haughty and condescending .
He was a lighthouse to the lost mariner .
This wealth is what got it into trouble .
He spent four months in federal prison .
She eventually assumed they had moved .
The man ran away when witnesses yelled .
It was a breathtaking display of speed .
There is no smoking or alcohol allowed .
He said he did not have any more details .
Benedict has indeed had rocky moments .
Sharapova has a very flat style of play .
I retired the bag before that happened .
Just most preferred to keep it private.
She is expected to be sent to jail today .
The fullest it has ever been in history .
The driver of the car was hospitalized .
Many beef farmers face financial ruin .
We absolutely destroyed the audience .
It promises a lot for the next week or so .
And those are just off the top of my head .
Not that this will be easy to duplicate .
The only result that counts is winning .
The damage is not thought to be serious .
But his look ahead is still pretty dire .
Both are equally hostile to consumers .
This is also misleading and incorrect .
Bauer said he had not been put in charge .
Links are a real hit and miss these days .
The ship returns to sea early next year .
Some of their peers killed themselves .
People want to give something back now .
Most were dispersed with pepper spray .
Party politics tend toward the feudal .
White told him to run sprints and he did .
His principal relaxation was sailing .
He has won three of his last four starts .
Steam the pudding for exactly one hour .
I arrived one day to find her screaming .
It later admitted that this was untrue .
The policy proposals are up for debate .
The bank earnings now seem a lot rosier .
It is not yet clear what caused the fire .
The case was adjourned until next week .
There was also a large police presence .
It may be because of lifestyle choices .
Assay results are just being received .
Perhaps progress is not the right word .
It has been hiring steadily ever since .
We have been waiting for so long to come .
The case proceeded in a strange manner .
But they do more than cause a runny nose .
The top reason is physical appearance .
The conditions sound reasonable to me .
It gives teachers much needed support .
That is essentially what has happened .
A cause of death has not been disclosed .
Some buyers have reason to be cautious .
Three cars parked nearby were damaged .
Each year hundreds die making the trip .
We face a gloomy future in this country .
That purpose is more than theoretical .
Your selective memory needs retooled .
People will treat you more positively .
Official figures paint a rosy picture .
These technologies are not really new.
Talking about evoking the wrong image .
There was something wrong with the car .
The authorities are keen to talk to him .
That alone will circumvent some costs .
Just as important is increased supply .
Some players might have been offended .
He was very proud of his black heritage .
Palin is an outdoor person and a hunter .
I love to travel and explore new places .
It seems to me that you want it both ways.
Antique stone troughs are hard to find .
He played in one victory and one defeat .
I kept my cool and talked my way out of it .
Only then did they finally turn it over .
But the discounts on offer are far less .
He says they did so with unusual vigour .
She would take care of him in his old age .
Have him choose one and then enroll him .
Yao answered with another turnaround .
This may seem like chutzpah on his part .
This is the cause of the recent bull run .
They have trained for the last two days .
Later claims said he had been released .
Both feature vigilantes who go too far .
And we all know how well that worked out .
But the cost should fall on the wealthy .
Ellen goes straight over to do her duty .
It must be cut and sliced at every nexus .
Birds which land on them cannot fly off .
He is more reticent on the other causes .
Both for investors and for regulators .
I think they hounded her for over a year .
Everyone is looking forward to it here .
You cannot put family cases into boxes .
In the end the gate crashers triumphed .
The other was found on his mobile phone .
But the investors were not identified .
His handling also let him down at times .
These are all seemingly little shifts .
Bodies were scattered on the pavement .
They knew they had to have a cover story .
Muddle strawberries and agave nectar .
Walcott is not a man to duck a challenge .
He also received a suspended sentence .
James has said it was probably suicide .
The longer it took the more she charged .
Hate is rarely a constructive emotion.
The survivors were taken to hospitals .
But it sure seems like they grow up fast .
There is also a difference in approach .
Remote island or classic coastal hike .
Living with migraine is hardly living .
Police said diversions had been set up .
Ultimately we can control the markets .
He could see using it on a limited basis .
They eventually started fibbing to me .
Some schools have been forced to close .
The majority are elderly and disabled .
This is a great place to study and learn .
Zimbabwe is a paradigm of destitution .
It teaches them to be more independent .
European stocks fell in early trading .
He should be snapped up before too long .
He was booked for a pair of fundraisers .
Testimony lasted just under two weeks .
It is no longer just about sexual abuse .
The union was unavailable for comment .
Web functionality alone make up for it .
The pair declared a peace deal of sorts .
That is always a difficult case to make .
It was so salty and really not very nice .
The action is intricate and exuberant .
Some things just cannot be wished away .
But their relationship was never easy .
The diagramed deal was the final board .
What a classsic example of journalism .
We are in the eye of the hurricane folks .
Still not sure which one will be better .
Customer lists have not been revealed .
It will make missions easier to manage .
Others find drugs and weapons stashes .
Video games have had a bad press of late .
Wait a few weeks before you get in touch .
Our prayers go out to him and his family .
In one painting she also bares a breast .
It failed its state health inspection .
Her little sister discovered the body.
I know that cold coffee makes me grumpy .
The ambivalence has applied for years .
There is too much despair to feel anger .
They are all to be sentenced next month .
Roads would be much safer without them .
Im really not sure how to take this news .
This is still very much a minority view .
Even the mayor still lives in a trailer .
I think this video is so playful and fun .
Not that the cameras are always needed .
Agricultural commodities were mixed .
A headless teddy bear lies on the floor .
Her view of family was forever changed .
Anyone could have written that speech .
It has been a good week for open justice .
They need to be home from work or school .
I would avoid a post office altogether .
Another shot of expresso was required .
He swooped in for the car four years ago .
You are the one with the gap in your life .
He earlier admitted four sex assaults .
Please give her a big round of applause .
He said the ride is inspected annually .
But the eras are completely different .
Each convention will be a reality show .
He asked if he could stay a few more days .
Clean out your desks and find real work .
She is sick and the media is just as sick .
Djokovic broke again in the fifth game .
Some spend as little as three days here .
But this information was not passed on .
They are quitting without a job to go to .
Here are excerpts from that interview .
There was a classic example yesterday .
You can contact us using the form below .
And she was way more fun because of that .
But we need new businesses to start too .
Their living conditions were unclear .
The school is a mirror of the community .
Every agency just about can be audited .
He must be feeling a tad uncomfortable .
All are charged with sex abuse and rape .
The most feared punishment was prison .
The plea deal called for no prison time .
It is now certain that he was not killed .
It was the comeback that was never to be .
Add the potatoes and toss gently to mix .
The kidnapped were released unharmed .
They have not been uncommon in the past .
A report by the city is due out next week .
A third shows the situation unchanged .
At least it covered up the smell of weed .
The problem is they let the bill expire .
Everything else is done via computers .
I cant believe you actually wrote that .
Clark died without making a statement .
And they want regulators to have teeth .
You will be missed and never forgotten .
The panel has had impact in one respect .
Thirty people now work at the facility .
Cheese makers generally do not attend .
I have to be calm and think about myself .
Make sure you are getting enough sleep .
Glover has been playing well this year .
Many of their children take adhd drugs .
We will never garden the area beyond it .
We are not a broken and defeated people .
These things have a natural arc to them .
Give me a call on this number right here .
Neil hunting for a note at the moment re.
Those guys will be asking for releases .
This should be expanded to all schools .
Fidelity also rolled out a new annuity .
The aircraft crashed into a corn field .
He would not disclose financial terms .
That policy failed to satisfy critics .
The first season concludes next month .
Watches were also highly sought after .
But some justices were not buying that .
Wright then singled sharply to center .
They would rather stay red than be dead .
He sleeps fitfully in a chair by her bed .
He allowed moonshot home runs at times .
Such battles are becoming more common .
Integrate new information carefully .
We welcome all constructive comments .
But this government cannot fix things .
The teenager was also put on hold twice .
What it cannot bear is arbitrary power .
When they texted and where they rested .
The country plunged into deep poverty .
And we all think we know what that means .
She declined to name specific targets .
Taylor denies all charges against him .
Imagine getting in and out of such a car .
But he said he no involvement with them .
Westwood is now expected to win a major .
Police launched a land and air manhunt .
But his parents tell a different story .
I watched how he spent his pocket money .
Riley did not testify during the trial .
Leverage would be materially reduced .
It was more advantageous financially .
All counterfeit products are illegal .
He was killed when a land mine exploded .
I expect it was there to provide colour .
There were pools of water at every base .
It had been hidden in a pot of face cream .
The baby takes the glass to play with it .
The extent of his injuries are unclear .
Four wounded people were carried away .
I love his experiments with structure .
Persistence in the same field pays off .
Just a bit of rum and add any fruit drink .
I had lost all feeling in my pinkie toes .
He admitted robbery but denied murder .
She had only seen student productions .
The couple have denied any wrongdoing .
The king currently holds no real power .
The interest just continues to accrue .
I spoke in the center court with my wife .
I was half expecting a physical attack .
American manufacturers fared poorly .
The idea blends continuity and change .
These fish died out with the dinosaurs .
Only licensed auto dealers can do that .
The main floor has cathedral ceilings .
Some problems are greater than others .
I agree with him completely about this .
Stop by my apt and have a drink if ya want .
That is not the case at this convention .
She is wearing jeans and a white blouse .
Romney is trying to contain the damage .
No government would allow it to happen .
The rebels killed them on their way out .
The minimum for a head butt is six weeks .
Everyone dreads facing a tax examiner .
This debate became overly procedural .
Nigeria had a much more difficult time .
Good times bring out the best in people .
The experiment was due to end last year .
Rangers probably had good possession .
Finally our job was done and we had chow .
It was a showy but sensible way to close .
He says he performs once or twice a week .
Knoll ultimately canceled both plans .
That momentum is going in the wrong way .
Now food has its proper place in my life .
These defences were swamped last week .
Otherwise the clock would have run out .
Power was not the means to an end for him .
He always has a way with phrasing words .
See official rules for complete terms .
The dog was later caught and destroyed .
Ransoms can reach millions of dollars .
Miranda was arraigned via video today .
But he did not spell out his intentions .
At this level courage is without price .
Carrodus cultivated an enigmatic air .
I have never met any woman as tall as her .
Even wedding invitations are suspect .
Some may choose a better public school .
Not many feel like killing themselves .
Hopefully people can understand that .
He has plenty more vitriol to go around .
Operations could last for weeks on end .
But your case is as good as your witness .
The forest was just behind my back yard .
They are addicted to the money and fame .
Some of them were up and coming sidemen .
And few people expect him to be the last .
The extent of his injuries was unknown .
Fibre to pick up but looks a bit lowball .
One in five victims died of the disease .
Not even a biscuit from the tea trolley .
But the nightmare will sadly continue .
The large differences are easy to list .
They talk about their opinions all day .
America is infested with drug addicts .
And they should look beyond lead paint .
Nevertheless there was still fallout .
A hundred or so people watched the race .
Safety now comes in a plucky new flavor .
Be available and try to be a team player .
The answer to that question is not many .
Models can take up to six months to make .
Both leaders looked genuinely shaken .
Some stories make everyone feel dirty .
But that is not the way to look at spring .
A friend of mine has a tattoo on his back .
Ahmadinejad had asked threateningly .
Entries can plan on best of show awards .
The sign started falling down the hill .
Shell has strongly denied the charges .
Some owners are tricked into paying up .
He climbed back on and finished fourth .
The hyena wears a cape like a superhero .
There have been operational setbacks .
Start the process with a definite plan .
Now my husband is using it as his hamper .
But getting the work is not always easy .
But readers will see some differences .
Their son is to attend school next year .
Others are adjusting to new realities .
It was symptomatic of nothing serious .
It has been a big flaw in their campaign .
Lord said the issue is personal for him .
I will be standing for a full five years .
You can believe them when they say that .
All the best and good luck in the future .
He said he hoped everything worked out .
Victor is a vivid presence in the books .
But that does not equate to friendship .
Weiss blames a combination of factors .
Gun control advocates have protested .
But no major damage was reported there .
A couple of things are important there .
I did think at the time that was madness .
And they all do the same with each other .
It is also excessive to have five homes .
Even those who win will find it jarring .
Progress was painstaking and erratic .
He underwent surgery for his injuries .
We can not help if they carry a big stick .
I also enjoyed our many college visits .
The interior retains such simplicity .
Here traders say business is also slow .
The ligament in her right knee was torn .
The substantive issues are unchanged .
We have our limitations and our skills .
But other experts strongly disagreed .
Delays and cancellations are ongoing .
Rapture simply feels like a real place .
It was an extraordinary turn of events .
I had longed to see her for so many years .
Columbus has dropped three out of four .
That organic has to be super expensive .
He says he now intends to put that right .
Three missed the playoffs altogether .
These dates will now slip further back .
He described his critics as naysayers .
I did this with a wife and a young family .
Where a child watches is important too .
But he made no mention of the base issue .
The hostages are almost never injured .
He wore a woolly hat and black trousers .
There also were at least six drownings .
You are actions are quick and decisive .
No more free ride on the union railways .
My laptop is in the shop being upgraded .
I think we are ahead of other countries .
Horton closed with a spectacular show .
I tried to leave the hostel three times .
It did not give a forecast for next year .
These are very strong signs of support .
The number may be considerably higher .
The abuse that they endured is inhuman .
Mattoon was chosen to host the project .
The agency is looking at other options .
A tragedy that could have been avoided .
Wilson says it was almost a full flight .
No bank statements were ever produced .
I thought the world was coming to an end .
The most radical change came last fall .
That brings to mind a serious question .
The rules can confound even believers .
You brought your wife and kids on board .
Games usually last three to five hours .
It is the cultists who threaten the web .
His moods and interests are different .
The decimation of our civil liberties .
This guy has no sense of service or duty .
Many of the poor lack health insurance .
And we know what happens when we assume .
Summon the strength to obtain reforms .
Debate only ever concerned his health .
The broadcast will shatter that taboo .
It is also pressing for more democracy .
Many smaller vessels are also queuing .
Boss has since checked out of the hotel .
Not that anyone else fares much better .
A girl waits by a staircase in the woods .
The high ground would have been secure .
Such threats and deadlines do not work .
But taking the deal will still be risky .
Beyond that are more advanced systems .
And probably one of the last of its kind .
That manager is still with the company .
Bored sisters are chatting at the back .
He later confessed to killing two more .
Flu vaccines are difficult to produce .
But its dynamics are more interesting .
I left that night with my head in a whirl .
But some parents are bucking the trend .
Read and view a selection of them below .
Just look at his current organization .
He would be able to collect his pension .
The final meets last year were the best .
Not that you seriously expected to pay .
Even actuaries are frisky after hours .
The election season proved lucrative .
Half died within two years after birth .
The transformation has been dramatic .
Europeans know nothing about torture .
The chief danger will not lie with them .
The decision for surgery was expected .
She did not say when the court would act .
Riccio has not been charged in the case .
After gelding they are easier to train .
Those operations will not be affected .
He denies the offensive weapon charge .
Plenty of others have that task in hand .
Then hit down hard just behind the ball .
That clarity and conviction have gone .
His reply was as simple as it as telling .
Yet he had many other interests as well .
And the feeling was definitely mutual .
Now that would have been an ageist joke .
Nazir could not be reached for comment .
The choice of discount rate is crucial .
The shooter was still unaccounted for .
He said it had nothing to do with safety .
And my competitors were offering more .
All five were taken to a local hospital .
Theirs is a consensus on nuclear power .
It is unclear why the men were detained .
Cracks were found on at least five jets .
I also contacted the mortgage company .
Tiles have begun popping off a balcony .
The stance is therefore a hold from buy .
There are two main ways to get into gold .
It is a good idea to bring a rake with you .
He battled the disease for three years .
The work is gruelling and unglamorous .
Many shoppers found they were too late .
There has been some sporadic violence .
It looks like the decision is over to us .
And there are some nice beaches nearby .
Rising taxes have hit private incomes .
A modern art gallery is on the same site .
She pleaded with him not to be sent home .
I still have to respectfully disagree .
Tussauds is no temple of history or art .
But it did not do well and he was dropped .
This is why there should be term limits .
Those with batteries listen to radios .
He just needs to get you inside his shop .
Moyes then made a triple substitution .
The original has stood the test of time .
I think they can break into the top four .
The possibilities continue to pile up .
Hartley also looked solid on kickoffs .
What we rarely get is sober management .
They are the ones crying out to be heard .
You could have pulled out at that stage .
Note that this is an elementary school .
They increase our circulation counts .
But the children have never been found .
They responded with furious applause .
Such jitters would be understandable .
Iraqis celebrated the handover early .
He was charged with the crime last week .
The charges were dismissed yesterday .
Joyless began an extraordinary chant .
And then were unable to build it back up .
The scheme is due to start in the autumn .
So he flung his sweater and got the keys .
She thought their laptop had exploded .
I recently broke up with my girlfriend .
Officials said no one had been injured .
No damage or casualties were reported .
This has been completely disregarded .
Another manager who failed to achieve .
I get tired of answering the same thing .
Overlooking the swirling torrent now .
Junior sitting on the lap pays nothing .
And she and the industry are half right .
My fingers stopped working a while ago .
A lab technician conducted some tests .
The health care system is just amazing .
The same number think he should resign .
Mailer had views on almost everything .
That deal has not always been honoured .
They go over even the smallest details .
There is cause to temper the pessimism .
A few of them are about that moose heart .
He now faces a potential life sentence .
High prices also hampered the service .
Two main draft plans have been floated .
Some one tell me what the difference is .
Then we were told they were up beside us .
Gilson lost his house in the first days .
I did know he was in republican circles .
Telephone use is severely restricted .
Clippard is clear about his ambitions .
Guida counters with a nice right punch .
Three months later he was living there .
Nor was the soubrette ever too far away .
Showing appreciation for one another .
Our husbands now have their wives back .
But there is mounting nervousness too .
It failed because it ignored the truth .
The president seemed to stumble often .
She hoped talks would resume this week .
Prepare a detailed cash flow analysis .
Walking the walk is his next challenge .
The first floor was also badly damaged .
Another two dozen or so waited outside .
Many survivors have a feeling of guilt .
Things that can be made in a laboratory .
Generally at least a tad suspect for me .
But tough questions may be inevitable .
Yahoo has not fared well lately either .
Breast cancer is an insidious disease .
Romanian television will return soon .
He has relied too heavily on fastballs .
European markets were modestly lower .
It only gets better the longer you stay .
Rivera says the child appears healthy .
It is still possible to obtain finance .
A police helicopter hovered overhead .
About a quarter of advocates are women .
College campus style prison facility .
Most agricultural scientists say yes .
I stumbled upon this article by chance .
He is the most literal of commentators .
Both were pronounced dead at the scene .
Better plant your victory gardens now .
Fill your kettle up and put it on to boil .
He is being treated for minor injuries .
If the preferences were truly equal vs.
Money was always going to be a priority .
She wants all of her teachers to have it .
Everyone wants bold financial reform .
But the direction has not been decided .
One of those men suffered brain damage .
It is one in six children in our country .
I am also concerned about the melanoma .
I can say terrible things about myself .
He left to attend a funeral for an uncle .
The project is nine years in the making .
Those seem to be getting hard to come by .
But the future does not look promising .
The public is urged not to approach him .
Signs were smashed and dangling askew .
There were only seven of us altogether .
She has said little about the incident .
A man gets fed up with this day after day .
Sales of raw milk may resume at the farm .
Doctors rarely approach such heights .
But the other reason is philosophical .
But they seem to have a champion at last .
Hollywood could deal with him as he was .
Congressional expenses are included .
Their vaccinations set a good example .
She loved to read and work in her garden .
Everyone is on ambiguous moral ground .
Always a pleasure to talk to both of you .
Infrastructure is another big hurdle .
Behind the headline is even worse news .
There is an outdoor kitchen by the pool .
Foxx got the show off to a fitting start .
Johnson also has battled flu symptoms .
Right then it was clear she was special .
Real help when businesses need it most .
He is not expected to play for a few days .
He then injected the vaccine into mice .
The airline said it would investigate .
The side leaves were a bit more toothed .
Measles is astonishingly infectious .
But two key tests of the process remain .
The votes will be there when it matters .
May it continue to get better for us all .
None of the reports could be confirmed .
But that was not his ultimate ambition .
That will require a bigger talent pool .
The trees do not receive much sunlight .
Chase is also entering a crowded field .
The new system will not save much money .
These products should not be consumed .
She feels them and senses their energy .
Your attitude defines your sex appeal .
We are going to support that mediation .
So they have introduced a fishing rota .
That could help protect their profits .
The cure for hysteria was not as simple .
These things are like used bars of soap .
So much for journalistic objectivity .
She had only ever walked the route once .
It appears the house is in foreclosure .
The next stop is the recycling factory .
But now they will have to buy the rights .
She is unprepared for a campaign fight .
And far too convoluted for its own good .
Cloth and colour were markers of class .
You do the math to get the cost per pound .
Some have weathered the downturn well .
Timing is everything in the quickstep .
None waved hello to the passing troops .
Not even a sneaky one about polar bears .
Ask him to furnish proof and he has none .
The second also died of a lack of oxygen .
Taio revealed she is great to work with .
Wavebands matter less than bandwidth .
Yount awoke from a coma four days later .
That she is visible at all is a surprise .
Chinese firms are among the most eager .
She herself was an activist primarily .
They are not looking out for the public .
Something they feel comfortable with .
Visit any school which looks possible .
The teacher ran from the bus to get help .
The move continues a decadelong trend .
We cannot just think of tomorrow today .
He then placed the letter in the casket .
Now he teaches his soldiers not to rape .
The aerobic moves were also a mixed bag .
The problem is to get it into the fields .
Not easy to do with a large supermarket .
The casualty toll was expected to rise .
His detailed responses are also below .
But there was no meaningful agreement .
Taxpayers would also face great risks .
He said the full story had not been told .
Three others are under investigation .
Hope they learned something from that .
Words do stuff that pictures never can .
Beijing itself has also become warier .
They had a big weekend talking about it .
Those bad loans are a problem for banks .
He quit his job a day after he was caught .
Will rolled a small toy car along a step .
Killing three civilians is even worse .
He did what he had to do the best he could .
Each allegation was deemed unfounded .
The virus has been easily transmitted .
Winblad was not connected to the study .
A first look at the national pavilions .
The debate has divided county leaders .
Forest credits were a fraction of that .
One reason is more than sufficient for .
I suspect you thought he deserved them .
It took him two months to get rid of them .
This footage only looks presidential .
He does not know if ransom was demanded .
We need more high rise housing not less .
The rest endure it because they have to .
Her son survived with facial injuries .
But there is hope here for better times .
Police are still looking for the discs .
Lets be real clear what is going on here .
This may not be the end of their dissent .
There are no demagogues in their ranks .
That approach appears to be paying off .
We certainly give them equal scrutiny .
Instead he found a scene of desolation .
I saw him last night and wished him luck .
North ruffed and played another trump .
His mother was said to be inconsolable .
This place has glam rock and lush style .
A place where cash stays in a hotel room .
The rest of the hospital remained dark .
It will probably have to be demolished .
The attacker made off with a sum of cash .
Language did not come naturally to him .
This has given me a kick up the backside .
Young people today want it all too fast .
They all deny the charges against them .
Soy beans are also a reasonable source .
Then they can play silly games forever .
Just hope that it does not happen to you.
Sadly the addiction runs wide and deep .
You will show them all how it can be done .
Or maybe the show is just in transition .
It has all been a silly game with myself .
This is not something to be overlooked .
That will change quite significantly .
I absolutely love it when that happens .
These things are in the diary for years .
Tuesday brought some glimmers of hope .
It was not hard to know when he was upset .
The garbage that started this decline .
The sheeple here fall pray to ideology .
I want to keep going as long as possible .
He was taken off the track by ambulance .
I need him on my side for this job search .
Stretch is a new monthly series on yoga .
Raikkonen said the cockpit is tighter .
The birds chirp through a sound system .
The younger boy could not climb back up .
He also had been working on his brother .
They said seven militants were killed .
Not everyone runs around in high heels .
The parents might try to influence you .
When she sees me she jumps off the stage .
A lot of crude has spilt onto the ground .
Mobile phone applications are not new .
An extra dose of caution seems prudent .
They talked politics only at halftime .
Meanwhile they both remain in custody .
That seems like a pretty bad situation .
A number of thoughts prompted the book .
The sheer idiocy is what makes it funny .
The group has long aided injured birds .
The last score came late in the quarter .
We need to reduce our numbers over time .
Other areas are similarly refreshing .
Thats enough to drive a person to drink .
All of which signifies nothing really .
Beckham tripped over the ball and fell .
Liberia is in depressingly poor shape .
At least two protesters were arrested .
We had been in the business for decades .
The girls were actually agents posing .
Two were diagnosed earlier this month .
The haves are more secure in their jobs .
The report did not clarify when he died .
Or preferably have somebody else do it .
The warning was echoed by the auditors .
Automakers are fighting the increase .
Saraiva said no suicide note was found .
No names of the dead have been released .
How long is he allowed to be treated for .
Still not buying anything he is saying .
It also adds in penalties and interest .
Goodness knows we all need cheering up .
It is very unclear what will happen now .
Perhaps he thinks he can control jokes .
Quantitative easing is new territory .
But they are not as perfect as they look .
The pilots filmed the entire sequence .
Liverpool can beat anyone on their day .
And you even have to pay for the car park .
Studio heads have seen all the dailies .
No similar effect was seen among girls .
He was treated and returned to custody .
You had to do what you thought was right .
Wuerl was well placed for the position .
Sustainability remains a big problem .
Thanks for another inspiring article .
He never closed the door to compromise .
Napoleon would have been proud of them .
Child psychologists understand this .
The company would not comment further .
The problems have spread overseas too .
Here are the final options on the table .
Out of cost control and going bankrupt .
And that is why gardening is appealing .
Her family have issued this statement .
He and two friends accosted a stranger .
It would be a bloody and painful affair .
In plc boardrooms lawyers remain rare .
I will give you my assessment right now .
Not a brilliant incentive to stay thin .
Those are the most collectible models .
The one that loses goes back to the mine .
He struck out seven and walked only one .
I always chose what is best for my child .
It did not explain why he had been moved .
Chores are no longer being outsourced .
The angels will be doing the same thing .
Nemo gets lost in another sense as well .
Final details on services are pending .
And provided hours of fun for families .
Rodriquez will be the one to lose sleep .
The paramedics had tried to revive her .
All three men could face life in prison .
A third reason is the human connection .
They should be very proud of their work .
But what comes next remains uncertain .
Williams was puzzled by her slow start .
But not all supermarkets are as gloomy .
Freeman gave me this personal example .
Let us hope something can be sorted out .
There was a certain cachet in ages past .
Also why some in the ditch were removed .
Its cold and there is no global warming .
The public finances must also be fixed .
Thatcher did not share this lofty view .
That came out in this weak little voice .
But this was the least of the surprises .
But the ashes then have to go somewhere .
Who knows what to make of the above blog .
Diana was not in the same position as me .
She added that shopping around was key .
It will still be horrible but reliable .
The suit does not cite sexual behavior .
But now she has lost the will to compete .
Weir could have been lower in round one .
The success of the experiment matters .
Bad weather continued to mar the event .
Candidates can make up to five choices .
I struggled to digest the information .
Palin could not be reached for comment .
Both teams were vastly different then .
She got multiple differing diagnoses .
That is the simplicity of the argument .
Zimmerman hit a solo homer in the first .
Ledbetter did not even get her back pay .
I was married with two young daughters .
No wonder he still has so many admirers .
Sounds like a winner all the way around .
Other governments are following suit .
And everyone is telling him to go to bed .
Sorry for the two cents compounding so .
Any delay can cost millions of dollars .
Both sides insist there was no dispute .
She stutters between sobs and shivers .
He did not deserve what happened to him .
The government denies election fraud .
A test can miss a cancer that is present .
We think they should go somewhere else .
Some companies are still cutting jobs .
Yet its founders say the moment is ripe .
Friends and family signed up to assist .
Police said a third person was missing .
It might even have the most penis jokes .
The skepticism is hardly unwarranted .
Talk about not managing expectations .
America has just three weeks to decide .
This technology also has its downside .
The sheds were locked from the outside .
Miller plans to seek a quick floor vote .
But only a fool could have believed him .
I have never felt acceleration like it .
Past attempts at reform have faltered .
Others needed plucking from the water .
Gaiatsu seemed to be having its effect .
But they served a vital public purpose .
A store devoted to a criminal activity .
You are nearing the end of the alphabet .
The word around here is definitely yes .
They gobble vitamins and supplements .
Cameron went from spinning to leading .
Rubble was piled several storeys high .
Having fun around here will not be easy .
These things do make a tiny difference .
So far this one is even devoid of design .
News footage showed blood at the scene .
Soccer may need to have what hockey has .
What he really wants is his old one back .
Ten other people remain on police bail .
Both teenagers had denied all charges .
A private company could do a better job .
Now it takes two days to copy a case file .
I think he sensed he was nearing the end .
It may happen sooner rather than later .
See my original review if you want more .
He knows the players and respects them .
This fake money has a very real purpose .
All three men were remanded in custody .
Almost all monopolies are successful .
Both companies have declined comment .
Air traffic controllers is one option .
They were bold and big even when wicked .
So we needed something to drive them to .
I was part of the theatrical landscape .
Police investigate a gun and drug case .
We guess that means only you can decide .
I am not a politician or a great thinker .
His article was the basis for the movie .
The two live a few doors from each other .
Howard or his two children may benefit .
The prince was the first to lay a wreath .
Some died of exposure or malnutrition .
I have never been a holiday conformist .
It is also the politics of the possible .
He has plenty of firsthand experience .
The family seeks unspecified damages .
The airline was far from conciliatory .
The show began with a moment of silence .
No disturbing an existing fairy house .
British hauliers welcomed the report .
Grabow got his first save of the season .
Asbestos is known to cause lung cancer .
I still always carry an inhaler with me .
The northbound lanes are not affected .
That story may or may not be apocryphal .
We like to find that quiet beach and sit .
There would be no more images of an icon .
It remains unearned and unbelievable .
The opinion among residents was split .
The public also voted on the finalists .
He had been married for only six months .
I read weird incantations at midnight .
But the subtext of her speech was clear .
Susan was the most popular female name .
Those boundaries will remain the same .
And it is not clear we are going to get it .
Her press officer jumped to the rescue .
We want to go one step further and win it .
Maybe old habits are just hard to break .
Americans do not snub their president .
Mistakes were made and many lives lost .
Novels are a different thing entirely .
The town itself had been ravaged by war .
A motive in the theft remained unclear .
Everything here outlives its welcome .
All involved said the case was unusual .
There are very few photos of him around .
His condition is not life threatening .
So maybe the team welcomes the turmoil .
The man was certified dead at the scene .
Formal charges have not yet been filed .
Mere imitations are often lousy humor .
But our spectrum is not being used well .
An indictment is not evidence of guilt .
Pour into the prepared glass and serve .
The march was clearly only a beginning .
This cycle has proved different so far .
The link between them remains unclear .
Obama said he rejected that assertion .
They must be cherished and encouraged .
Nowhere is democracy a perfect system .
Dorsey is just a tough player to figure .
This most recent event proves my point .
And a debate may not help in that regard .
We heard the announcement on the radio .
The vigor of a country that made things .
There are hardwood floors throughout .
Everyone wants everything yesterday .
Moore began to play more aggressively .
The floor plan is a truncated triangle .
Chinese officials sent mixed signals .
They had to believe there was a purpose .
We all know paying on time is important .
Japan needs to spur domestic spending .
All this has become relevant once more .
There is a real demand for information .
He has a kind face and a soothing manner .
The cause of his death was not reported .
Keep in good light and reduce watering .
Two economic theories to grapple with .
Most of them do not stay for the full day .
The worry here comes from a few sources .
I agree that it would have been more int .
Today it means working in a call centre .
Some big names were looming a shot back .
The best moist ones were made with lard .
Cheese from alpine farms is wonderful .
The two truck drivers were not injured .
Both face a rapidly changing industry .
The summer league begins this weekend .
There is little between them in policy .
Brown reacted strongly to protect her .
How they get it right remains to be seen .
But we need fiscal responsibility too .
Nardelli is certainly on to something .
A great dog is worth more than anything .
And we need a lot of companies like that .
The cause of the crash is still unknown .
Because they look good in the driveway .
There are real victims in this scandal .
German farmers are demonstrating too .
All these factors are highly relevant .
And all just want their side to be heard .
She ought to come out the way she went in .
The crackers will crisp up as they cool.
No one is begging him to change his mind .
It was as if a light had been switched on .
In fact he rarely betrayed any emotion .
Amis should stop being such a rude snob .
Some guns are selling more than others .
We have passed all three of those bills .
Free market competition is the answer .
Another case avoided the criminal law .
They could care less about real reform .
This would weaken the effort even more .
We recycle them so they can hit us again .
He is fighting for a federal pay freeze .
This event is getting a lot of coverage .
Some legal issues are being hashed out .
The school could hardly be more remote .
But the club is only half of the problem .
The rate has remained exactly the same .
The inmates are in charge of the asylum .
Warner said he would not join that call .
Now the coalition wants to take it away .
Her immediate family is equally riven .
There is no dodging the second of those .
This is not a girl at a high school story .
Some appear to be lining up to do battle .
There is a big difference between them .
Every decision is made by someone else .
Take the bursting of the dotcom bubble .
They fired tear gas and rubber bullets .
Outside earnings will be scrutinised .
Physically it has been very demanding .
A final count is expected within a week .
Use medium eggs rather than large ones .
Lenders may then repossess in any case .
Add the rice and stir to coat each grain .
Surely we are due our moment of history .
Mangal thanked him for saving his life .
That gallery was also raided this week .
And there is no shortage of viewpoints .
Perhaps that fear is coming back to her .
This can lead to a surplus of offspring .
Its roof resembles a table tennis ball .
We are merely warming back up to normal .
But by the time they arrived he had died .
He is being monitored by medical staff .
A duty judge was at the court that night .
Sometimes it was almost too authentic .
I curled up into a ball and stayed still .
And their confidence is not misplaced .
Two children were injured in the blast .
Right now neither is threatening land .
Montes says both were wearing helmets .
There are no illusions about the quiet .
Laughing at yourself is part of the fun .
Stopping them returning is not so easy .
They had been loved by some other child .
Development is the most complex issue .
Some people argue that held up the vote .
It is like waking abruptly from a dream .
Grab a gift card and be on your merry way .
The dogs and their handlers retreated .
I need you to lift me out of my pessimism .
And the scandal seems to be broadening .
Make a choice you can live with happily .
Other companies are also seeing gains .
No patient names have been made public .
Earnings also provided positive cues .
Only the top eight advance to the final .
The early part of the flight was smooth .
The bank says the case is without merit .
And many more are discussing the issue .
Every doctor knows patients like this .
Tables and chairs are set out for study .
She recovered a bit by the second forum .
There is a precedent for taking it slow .
Not one of the men arrested was charged .
Rico may have some competition though .
Fischbach slipped off and was run over .
I also have much better credit than her .
The measure includes little new money .
She says make sure you include a calico .
I had jaw surgery to move my jaw forward .
Critics blame the lack of advertising .
Nobody wins here including tax payers .
Ghebrelul was determined to keep pace .
It seems like a simple thing to allow it .
They record losses when defaults rise .
My brain also over produces serotonin .
Nature will find a way around the fence .
That was the last straw for some people .
But recent centuries have been kinder .
Your words are struck in time immortal .
People usually lie to avoid penalties .
He made pretty light work of them there .
Hell hath no fury like a suitor scorned .
Arisaig in those days was still remote .
I wish you guys came to visit more often .
The expectations game works like this .
But the experience does not unify them .
The local people cannot travel freely .
They will now return to the government .
The case is expected to last seven days .
But the role of government is critical .
They agreed with almost every finding .
We are just living out of human reality .
They are criminals and totalitarians .
The best test is whether we can pay cash .
None of them wanted to be quoted by name .
I know the meaning of zealous advocacy .
She works the hardest of any candidate .
Jess lay on the deck clutching a bucket .
Three sinister grey forms joined them .
You just screwed up your entire career .
Follow the links for more on each story .
Directly there is no connection at all .
Teachers and students maintain blogs .
Translink welcomed the consultation .
But most of these promises were hollow .
A good length is at least eight symbols .
But the authorities are not convinced .
Some will hold street demonstrations .
Public opinion is apt to be changeable .
The casualty rate has become alarming .
Three of them were wearing balaclavas .
But it may not have that big of an effect .
Good and evil are found in how it is used .
People invented crimes for each other .
But now the wealth effect is reversing .
Clarke had planned to be more flexible .
I must have read it a few thousand times .
Some teachers winced with discomfort .
Other people have to use it not just you .
Washington must be in pretty sad shape .
Because nothing else comes even close .
I always try to get behind a guy in a suit .
Now the fight seems much more personal .
Police have not yet updated his status .
Feels like a ghastly repeat sometimes .
Terrorism is overwhelmingly islamic .
Please consider a story on our product .
He said he did not hear a final decision .
It was a stunt meant to show leadership .
Skipper had a sharp and inquiring mind .
Always there for her parents and for us .
Syria denies having a nuclear program .
A spokesman declined further comment .
They are fighting and nobody knows why .
No one knows for sure why the flock died .
They are playing on a leveled field now .
Access to some websites is restricted .
They sat beside each other on a blanket .
The furnace runs on recycled motor oil .
Wednesday was actually a relaxing day .
They probably never even saw us coming .
A case can take weeks to piece together .
No one can arbitrage this at the moment .
I agreed to it because it made him happy .
Learn how to chop an onion efficiently .
This comparison group did lose weight .
Check out her blog to see what she liked .
Those in hub cities can be more patient .
He looks as happy as a kid in a sweetshop .
He ordered the officers out of his home .
It thus undercuts decades of dialogue .
Even prominent collectors protested .
He is not sentimental for the whiskers .
Those plaudits were largely deserved .
It is not a life that has brought riches .
Fishermen rescued the two eventually .
Click here to read the official report .
These days most deals face litigation .
I was just poking fun at a public figure .
The world seemed like a safe place to be .
Not even the really nice places though .
It was not known whether he was injured .
But fewer than expected have returned .
Earmarks come in countless varieties .
A lot of my constituents are uninsured .
She got it on the last of her three tries .
I like her toughness and social policy .
We might decide to go to public auction .
Basic but lovely small colonial hotel .
This iphone is also headed the same way .
He was handed a pretty bad deck of cards .
Milner is also extraordinarily loyal .
The true cost of war is tallied in lives .
It debuted with seven million dollars .
Her reprieve likely is coming to an end .
Add the garlic and cook for two minutes .
Three other essays are worth your time .
Blood in the water and tears in the eyes .
And then there is the question of space .
But these are far from the best of times .
The gun was taken away for examination .
I have to wear glasses at the movies too .
European markets are relatively flat .
Wealthier pensioners are most at risk .
Their dispute was settled out of court .
That makes the lonely winter seem long .
You want to really foam up the egg white .
There will be value in this for someone .
One gave me the finger as he roared past .
United have issues in all departments .
Forget free agency winners and losers .
He pleaded not guilty to fraud charges .
These experiences have taught us a lot .
But then something unusual took place .
Kerviel maintains that he acted alone .
But it is easy to paint a greyer picture .
The money on the line was my motivation .
Hop aboard for a tour of the facilities .
And his wheat fields are brown and bare .
That is at least politically rational .
He probably thought it just a lot of fun .
Bless our soldiers and their families .
Have not made any decision to this time .
The first surrounds investment exits .
The video card performs two functions .
I felt an obligation to take care of him .
Brees had a rare perfect passer rating .
You can see bios and pictures of the fin .
Click here to see the full poll results .
The man was being friendly but curious .
You cannot negotiate with terrorists .
Schulte was happy with the experience .
This year those results are a mixed bag .
And that by no means is a negative thing .
I learned a great lesson on my first day .
Other factors have intervened as well .
But analysts say that may not be enough .
Sadly the parable has acquired a twist .
Eight people were injured and one died .
They waved to me as they climbed aboard .
Kemp had morals and a sense of fair play .
But that friendship appears to be over .
Academic scholarships are lifeboats .
Pakistan says it intends to cooperate .
Your focus will be on your plate anyway .
No one was reported missing or injured .
I think that is your answer right there .
Pretty soon she could see a difference .
I think he was talking about directors .
Readings also vary throughout the day .
They have been perfectly in tune since .
He was a man with an international view .
It was a scandal that nothing improved .
I call is plague because that what it is .
Melville himself served as a whaleman .
He was transported to a local hospital .
The jury should get the case by midweek .
I have come to know your state very well .
Another factor is keeping out the damp .
That is not entirely for want of trying .
Banks are not our friend in any measure .
But sometimes a little pleading works .
Plumbers were able to rescue the puppy .
He was terrified of the vacuum cleaner .
Word spread by mouth and text messages .
This issue does need more publicising .
And thank goodness it was all just a lie .
So the search for a bed and a shower is on .
There were other points of difference .
If you want a true review try chowhound .
The talking is likely to be tough going .
The other anomaly is yet to be explored .
Durham folk are particular offenders .
Here in this ultimate bubble are lists .
Some agencies met their goals exactly .
We cannot afford to lose any of them now .
The prioritizing system was seamless .
This is probably his last and best hope .
He said the dead included six children .
The company rejected the allegations .
It just might be a small world after all .
Dozens of firefighters have been hurt .
It is an exercise that invites failure .
A woman may not have up to four husbands .
I do love when music takes center stage .
They can be from the box or other issues .
It takes you a little while to get there .
I still believe its this hussies fault .
But it sorely needs better leadership .
Then things will spiral out of control .
They may be ready to rethink the notion .
I love how the first thing that any govt.
She does not think they have won either .
They really rewrote forensic history .
Other budget food items are doing well .
Questor still rates the shares as a buy .
How we walkers value our secret worlds .
She also returned big when most needed .
So reshuffles are seldom the solution .
The abduction was not widely reported .
The battle would be decided by the vote .
It can also withstand hot pots and pans .
And this is a legitimate policy debate .
Nobody could leave their homes to work .
Only to a powerful white bloke perhaps .
It wiped villages and towns off the map .
And play dates are networking central .
Pensioners in the area backed the plan .
Questor thinks this appears sensible .
Because people sort of have to be shown .
Start times are ordered by regulators .
That passion informs his performance .
There was one welcome present of a duck .
I saved around three gallons of petrol .
Many locals were oblivious to the fire .
Several others surrendered to police .
Drink plenty of water while shoveling .
Planning is bad for the passage of time .
Prudence means keeping our powder dry .
When you step onto the catholic ground .
His new teammates welcomed his talent .
This is hardly the end of conservatism .
The inquest was adjourned until today .
His name and age have not been released .
Work is the last remnant of his old life .
It would not be the first such incident .
The child was taken to a local hospital .
Egypt is a major regional media player .
Tennis teaches you about those things .
Yet it is a gamble that could pay off big .
That was about it in terms of small talk .
And more people means more tax revenue .
But he was rebuffed by council members .
And they thought this would go forever .
The film unfolds on three large panels .
Hedge funds are bigger than the market .
Broader stock indicators also dipped .
Police are investigating the reports .
Everything seemed to click into place .
Terms of the merger were not disclosed .
The spectacle was endlessly engaging .
The system is not universally popular .
There are some interesting variables .
Forty years on they are still together .
Her work has earned her many accolades .
Orlando may not get another one better .
Some choral numbers nearly fell apart .
There are three elements to this shift .
We also addressed the packaging issue .
She wanted to know about my bankruptcy .
Migrant workers come over here to work .
It also seemed to make practical sense .
Recent research offers some guidance .
I do it all by direct deposit and on line .
The concept is not without challenges .
And then the last thing is the feedback .
All children really need is to be loved .
He found her unresponsive downstream .
Afghanistan might be about to find out .
One of the most common is the sublet fee .
Palmer is back as the steadying leader .
Then a simple test changed everything .
Three previous trials have collapsed .
The reasons for the outage are unclear .
Chicago has lost three of its last four .
They just fall a long way short of proof .
Others read quietly from prayer books .
Many central bankers privately agree .
People rely upon it for their survival .
Working with her in the studio is great .
His life ended just as the new day began .
They take their pipes wherever they go .
Another three million animals may die .
Paying outright bribes is prohibited .
A facilitator might have been present .
The outcome reverberated nationally .
There is an old joke around these parts .
Big mouth phuckkkkin radio show hosts .
And yet the appearance of the van stuck .
They have done nothing for me for years .
I believe the success rate is very high .
You could hardly blame them if they did .
But this time we might see a difference .
Now we are going after the drug runners .
There was no immediate word on a motive .
He can jump on a trampoline with his son .
Police are at the scene of the shooting .
The looser will fall back permanently .
We dare not return to business as usual .
A huge cloud of dust enveloped the site .
Rogue soldiers may have had a hand in it .
He landed on the awning of a store below .
Hirsch disputes both those arguments .
She was arrested at gunpoint by police .
But to the issue of installing spyware .
Even the high mileage was fine with him .
All of these issue are interconnected .
This is something kids do to other kids .
His aim is to reduce that amount to zero .
Police said the politician was unhurt .
So he asked each colleague for a dollar .
September is the end of the melt season .
Austrian sentences run concurrently .
Brown later apologized for the slight .
They are not relative to everyday life .
Maybe it might send a message to people .
He needs to teach his mother how to text .
We shall find out in the next few months .
You must eat only what you really enjoy .
I am getting tired of all this nonsense .
He now says he may have shot from the lip .
But there really is no need for anxiety .
International patent or application .
This is the central plank of the models .
And you are neither a bigot nor a racist .
That it would pass was never a question .
Drinking from reusable water bottles .
He had pleaded guilty to both offences .
That left the law school out of options .
The same is true for political attacks .
The pilot pulled out of the spin too low .
Its influence is thought to have waned .
It is crucial this plan is implemented .
We drown out the pining of our own heart .
Her future in gymnastics is undecided .
Bread machines were around for a while .
Or she might see it as a sign of laziness .
And well before a single word is spoken .
You can just go there and type in my name .
He wrote columns for a local newspaper .
The hearing will get under way shortly .
I still harbor thoughts about a future .
Deep poverty tripling in the last year .
I never think about a particular genre .
And most of them are engaged in odd jobs .
That really does not make a lot of sense .
He was still wining and dining the best .
Exactly what happened then is unclear .
People can be unhappy and get a divorce .
There is nothing pretentious about it .
They asked questions at the union hall .
Meals and entertainment are included .
The aims of the insurgency are unclear .
We knew this was going to happen one day .
That is an excellent liberal response .
That time would appear to have arrived .
Some appear to be outright blockheads .
Come and decide who you want to vote for .
The screens were positively received .
People may be still hiding in the rooms .
The road edge is made up of large stones .
In fact he was well read and wrote reams .
But it is not going to happen without it .
No one has taken anything from the poor .
Mind of like gambling and shoplifting .
He only repeated the timetable montra .
Walk on the beaches or in the mountains .
He gave nudity a vaguely spiritual air .
The quality of parenting matters most .
The nimbler ones avoid it all together .
It uses a multidisciplinary approach .
Democrats say there was no wrongdoing .
He had been stabbed at least nine times .
There are certainly dynamic elements .
But we knew we had plenty of time to do it .
Six people on board survived the crash .
One other thing you need to think about .
Two blokes a bit too clever for the room .
Personally it helped me to stop hiding .
I think we needed a kick up the backside .
How new strategies help families cope .
Taiwan will need all the help it can get .
Grose said he drove around the officer .
The books were frozen to preserve them .
His reputation was tarnished forever .
It is hugely implicated in depression .
No protests were seen inside the arena .
A policeman and bystander were killed .
Fabulous commissions became the norm .
Shops are emptier than before the vote .
Sixteen people are reportedly killed .
They are an underrated defensive team .
It is primarily aimed at goods traffic .
Now take a look at the battleground map .
Better start trying to save our people .
They have a duty to their shareholders .
Everything is going according to plan .
They have a lot of things going for them .
The equipment looks slightly comical .
The training command held its own test .
Just when you think you have seen it all .
Another team had a different approach .
Cultural makeovers can rebound badly .
He is a winner with the right mentality .
Monday was going to be one of those days .
Davis was solid through seven innings .
She adds a really interesting element .
Four others have been released on bail .
This balance looks unlikely to change .
Gamble says others should follow suit .
Those are far faster and higher flying .
The singer says riding is an adventure .
Iraq does not have a quota at the moment .
Make that the account you deposit into .
All four will be back in court next week .
The entire tower block fell on top of it .
This caused more fury among taxpayers .
The message was recalled an hour later .
Police carried slingshots in protest .
It was also harder to irrigate the land .
Rates are soaring all over the country .
Jobs knows the importance of this myth .
Members will now vote on the agreement .
Eleven areas showed greater declines .
Yet the poster itself marked an ending .
He simply has no time to develop on tour .
Playing there always made me feel good .
These can be planted at any time of year .
It was unclear what provoked the fight .
One of the two subsequently confessed .
Canada does not have the death penalty .
Doctors said the twins were doing fine .
They are among the alleged free riders .
The motorway was closed for five hours .
I decided to relocate to another state .
Democrats to get behind his candidacy .
Please check with the club nearest you .
They all go trick or treating together .
Why would you bring politics into this .
Smoke is billowing out of the building .
The practice was extensive and brazen .
Same thing happened with the original .
They have seen him so many times before .
I go through tons and tons of it at a time .
He gets better with every passing year .
I look forward to reading more from you .
Dick felt the blood pumping in his head .
Free markets are not always efficient .
I had admired one in a window at the mall .
Click here for celebrity divorce dish .
Kyoko finished school three years ago .
The stories defy neat categorisation .
Test your stock car science knowledge .
There are no restrictions on the press .
Soria seems like a perfect ambassador .
But in the end it all spun out of control .
The judge did not speak with reporters .
The money is good but never guaranteed .
So are houses full of unsorted clutter .
Here we are a day late and a dollar short.
That goal was only partially achieved .
The party faithful ridicule this idea .
You might as well not even go to college .
They just flew out at a phenomenal rate .
Three people were injured in the blaze .
Jerusalem is a controversial subject .
Sanford has said he has no plans to quit .
That was when the prosecutors swooped .
Company during the next twelve months .
Only the little people are ever jailed .
Ohio officials stand by the procedure .
Spoon or pipe the filling into the cups .
Thanks for a great season of reporting .
You could say this game is a dead rubber .
How do you know tey had more experience .
You looked at him and he was so fearsome .
He is already planning his succession .
There were far more worthy candidates .
I have no problem with paying tax at all .
The temper was a longstanding problem .
Your only recourse is the legal system .
Relations have been frosty for months .
Heavy security accompanied the torch .
Western parents come in all varieties .
Yet the main prompt has been necessity .
Asian markets rose solidly overnight .
Their relatives can send money to them .
A van hit the part and burst into flames .
Windfall taxes are normally a bad idea .
Placeless souls of means have a way out .
You mentioned your family being there .
Imagine being a part of inventing that .
These are separate to phone data plans .
The groups could also exchange skills .
It is the culture of drinking at school .
Cut everything down to the essentials .
They also seized veterinary products .
They also cannot enter church temples .
He knows something about body surfing .
Their pairing here feels duplicitous .
The company has been asked for comment .
They offered me a position a week later .
There should be a limit on when to start .
Shelters were set up in nearby schools .
Common sense has gone out of the window .
I found him tremendously intelligent .
There are no reports of other injuries .
Designers try quantitative pleasing .
Immediate and total ban on goodie bags .
The aura it projects is one of serenity .
They sat at a counter to have some lunch .
Not something you wanna hear on a plane .
Part of my mind was just torn with anger .
Dukes stepped down the following year .
Liver transplant specialists agreed .
This united front suggests two things .
No rifling through the wheelie bin now .
I get emotional just thinking about it.
The kisses then will be awkward indeed .
A number of cattle died in the incident .
The topic is not always about adoption .
Their exposure is surprisingly large .
People hugged and kissed him as he left .
Check here for directions and details .
This time central banks are on the case .
I still have nightmares about that one .
Coburn has put holds on bills for years .
Something is wrong with our birthdays .
Push a button again and it is retrieved .
He said sales are expected to be modest .
I doubt he will find a job in journalism .
Parking is available in garage at rear .
Farmers said the land belonged to them .
William is second in line to the throne .
Some moments in the book are agonizing .
Bahrain hopes to follow a similar path .
Suddenly the roads emptied of traffic .
Tennis was once played chiefly for fun .
Those photos were priceless to his son .
Other details have not been disclosed .
But war on two fronts is always testing .
Your story is one that needed to be told .
But they may come to regret that choice .
Infection and numbness can also occur .
No one asked them if they wanted to live .
Voting is a precious right of a citizen .
Mexico suspended schools nationwide .
Other onlookers stood on fire escapes .
Manning quickly spotted the mismatch .
The result of his previous cocaine use .
But that appears to be slowly changing .
It was his second homer in as many games .
The bills do share some commonalities .
The neighbor was out of town at the time .
Great institute new taxes to pay for it .
They say she was wounded by return fire .
Only our beliefs about it have changed .
Other new initiatives are in the works .
The road was closed after the incident .
Harriet tried hard not to look chuffed .
There is no chance of that at the moment .
And tempers were short on the first day .
They might have been right to stay away .
But that would be to underestimate her .
We need to strip the state of this power .
This included the postage you had paid .
So wash your hands when you shake hands .
Her findings have broad implications .
He bought a home he could easily afford .
My daughter just walked into my office .
The suspect was not expected to attend .
Psychological woes are not your fault .
Irsik speaks haltingly about that day .
And that has been my main concern since .
He made taquitos for his fellow fliers .
She moved sideways into a pool of light .
I could not tell if it was a man or a woman .
Guess the news is slanted the wrong way .
But we have a right to higher standards .
His life had begun its downward spiral .
He says he will no longer distribute it .
I used to have three radios to follow it .
Now he is being funded to keep the peace .
The race to win the first point is won by .
Admission and all activities are free .
And it has yielded impressive results .
She said the protest was still going on .
This stick and carrot approach is good .
The extent of her injuries is not known .
But the train has symbolic importance .
Peugeot said no faults have been found .
Two of the priciest works had problems .
I have my own set of heroes and heroines .
Now they would be lucky to reach a third .
Traces of water lurk in the dirt unseen .
Dengue is caused by four types of virus .
Little changed the second time around .
India has now walked away from the deal .
Could it be that the dollar is not worth .
A spokesman said he is recovering well .
For some the answer could be satellite .
He was asked if he would eat again today .
And then people stop feeling anything .
I spent my whole adolescence cringing .
Always glad to see competition though .
Every outbuilding is in perfect order .
Get as much social support as possible .
It would have been the right thing to do .
Maui is an unlikely place for a spy saga .
Now the technology heads for real road .
That marked his second death sentence .
Our society is clearly headed that way.
She did not know whether he had a lawyer .
But it also only bolsters the intrigue .
There were no other reported injuries .
One mistake was tight monetary policy .
You can fill a salt shaker for table use .
Wheel the patient into intensive care .
He began getting recurrent headaches .
One cop and his wife already tried that .
We ought to be ashamed and embarrassed .
The fleet disappeared without a trace .
No other team can do that as well as them .
But they do give the lie to explanetics .
We were trying to find the perfect pass .
The point was repeated again and again .
He was elected president the next year .
The idea of moving the agency is not new .
He was hit so hard that he lost a filling .
A big part of the reason is photography .
Keep emailing them until they respond .
They knew some activists disapproved .
There was just enough space to breathe .
A supporter brought him a replacement .
The evidence is abundant against both .
This is great news for a very decent man .
The idea is to go back to the golden days .
The pace demanded a referee who was fit .
Concern has been unmatched by results .
Morin said this condition had been met .
This kind of thing definitely happens .
I might be remembered as a good fighter .
Probably politics as much as anything .
But the pain would not be spread evenly .
This is five times the expected number .
The findings have not been made public .
What would the founding fathers think .
She had a third seizure a few days later .
But determination made her dig deeper .
Bashir tends to these ruined children .
The cause of the explosion is not clear .
Bush never stopped stem cell research .
They are the perfect source of protein .
He admits to being nervous about races .
We expect no refi rate change this year .
Nettles also have a therapeutic value .
Since then it has lost much of its gains .
Gomes then palms a shot low to his right .
The list is intriguing but not lengthy .
It certainly kept me on the edge of mine .
Perhaps the trend is already starting .
Coulda fried some chicken in that hair .
Way better than a pub roast and cheaper .
Spitzer deserves some big wig company .
These are chicanes manned by soldiers .
Spielberg shrugged off the challenge .
The family declined to be interviewed .
The wartime summers were long and lazy .
Ground coffee is available in regular .
That deal ran only through this season .
Winter nights were particularly hard .
This makes a snap election less likely .
Track your favorite teams and players .
Peaceoholics was to serve as a conduit .
The result was ignored by the military .
These programs have had mixed results .
The fact of the matter is that he did not .
Dog teams will assist in locating them .
I find myself very interested in aging .
Family is the center of love and beauty .
Two cooking contests are new this year .
You do because every one is history now .
Well driving cars can be a bit like that .
Home prices continue to be a big factor .
They did not enter the building itself .
Neither firm has secured any funds yet .
It is universally regarded as abusive .
The next few years are going to be tough .
He said at least three other men want it .
And boy is the manager putting on a show .
Post rationalisation was everywhere .
Common defense would take much longer .
Other concerns centre around pricing .
This adventure gets better and better .
Some went for half their low estimates .
The tabloids dug and unearthed things .
He may turn up at the awards chewing gum .
Authenticity will come to matter more .
Whoever gets it should change the name .
There was no comment from prosecutors .
You think someone would have had a word .
When it starts coming up your driveway .
Prosecutors have declined to comment .
But this deal deserves close analysis .
I had cluster headaches for many years .
It already looks like a bumper harvest .
We have no evidence one way or the other .
But it was a beep heard around the world .
England have been led to believe he did .
We examine her remarkable background .
It marked the first climb in half a year .
One shop was particularly hard to miss .
He was the nicest guy you will ever meet .
Attendance on courses dropped off too .
Blankets covered the rest of his wares .
But he faces an extremely tough battle .
That is what happened on this occasion .
It is hoped work will start next autumn .
The fringe is coming apart at the seams .
And the company is very profitable too .
These limitations suggest two things .
Stacks and stacks of people of all ages .
But reaching the agreement was costly .
But other commentators were less sure .
It will surely do worse there this time .
At least two carriages were destroyed .
He was wearing square rimless glasses .
And things appear to be turning his way .
We got into this mess in a pragmatic way .
Black solidarity no longer trumps all .
These guys get caught and just crumble .
The newspaper did not provide a source .
Costello is both amusing and poignant .
Like her two sisters she never married .
They looked for him on public bus lines .
Then they declared the problem solved .
I have no idea what she is talking about .
It is a product of the great divergence .
Government ought to bother about that .
A similar process holds for cognition .
His name and age are not being released .
The president will lack formal powers .
He got studded tires to ride in the snow .
He cannot send anything to his parents .
Not everyone was looking for a bargain .
But securing the region is no easy task .
But prosecutors oppose the testimony .
He started playing drums as a teenager .
He also had three shoulder operations .
The sugar factor helped tremendously .
Minutes later the magistrates return .
Seems folks like it that way over there .
He was wearing dark clothing and a mask .
Here we go with another silly scenario .
Reid says the relationship is for real .
But that may change with the recession .
But he still has kept something of a boy .
They desperately sought reassurance .
His is survived by his son and daughter .
She worries that he will never recover .
Leave to cool slightly before serving .
It looked terminal for the insurgents .
It said the deal could still fall apart .
Be prepared for serious sticker shock .
He is trying to stay strong regardless .
She denies fraud and money laundering .
She seemed to think that was even worse .
A few local boys were guarding the site .
Also love the embroidered bodice here .
We consider ourselves very fortunate .
Many of those arrested were convicted .
We already have strong economic links .
She has been here illegally ever since .
The extent of injuries is not yet known .
Distribution also becomes less risky .
His body was found several hours later .
A small parking area is across the road .
It really does look smashing out there .
Britain resisted for several reasons .
A vote on a bailout could come next week .
Purse strings are tight enough as it is .
More indictments could be in the works .
A universal phone charger is on the way .
I think they really light up the screen .
Remove kombu and then add the soy sauce .
I have several patients with migraine .
The executions were widely condemned .
Advertising revenue has been falling .
Guest is representing the plaintiffs .
It is also less corrosive than ethanol .
At least it was not another edge behind .
A lot of the mess has come from last year .
Rossy guides it by shifting his weight .
By the end of the week we can barely walk .
Three hundred thousand more were hurt .
These fakes have the potential to kill .
The first course is some pickled onion .
Monfils plays the winner of that match .
But such realities are no use to him now .
Men must also trim their hair and nails .
The court is finally starting to get it .
This coward may have been encouraged o .
This document is a good starting point .
A team limited to that style is another .
The sentences are to run concurrently .
Thank you for this much needed article .
Most slopes had restaurants at the top .
They could understand and accept that .
Crucial news for your voting decision .
This place offers the feel good factor .
He has allowed four goals in the series .
But a high price for a very small amount .
Some decent names interviewed as well .
It was three runs and a cloud of nothing .
This was the opportunity of a lifetime .
Because he wanted to watch them at home .
He wanted his seat to be filled quickly .
Migration is a whole subject of its own .
The anchor would have been part of that .
People here have learned how to adjust .
It is a very different story elsewhere .
Kim was perhaps the most entertaining .
The results are almost always the same .
It is due to be published in a few months .
The conditions at the camp are spartan .
We have to change our game and be candid .
It could be an effective line of attack .
Bring a sweater and watch for the signs.
Whishaw is the face of this generation .
He just has many of the most famous ones .
Now they had decided to add another one .
Other lawmakers have problems as well .
Here are some of the points to consider .
She was charged with resisting arrest .
They spotted a fourth one that got away .
We must not become what we are fighting .
They literally did not know we existed .
He said there were no signs of foul play .
She then slipped a rope around his neck .
He was greeted by a thunderous ovation .
They watched the players take infield .
Romanian police assisted in the raids .
He keeps in touch via a computer webcam .
Hoban could not be reached for comment .
He also placed bulk orders for condoms .
Most campaign finance experts agreed .
Local analysts see a number of options .
He again called the coup unacceptable .
This is part of what makes them popular .
This should not be a surprise to anyone .
Palestinians say most were civilians .
How can we add jobs in this environment .
He denies that he ever handled the gems .
We should call an end to this phoney war .
Her four daughters were at her bedside .
The answer is that there have been none .
But this was still a little unexpected .
If this is just the thin end of the wedge .
It is not clear what they intended to do .
The have nots are making the decisions .
Violence has punctuated the campaign .
Many more cutbacks are bound to follow .
That would never have happened to a man .
Everything can be looked at as tyranny .
I just learned to accept things in life .
It left fresh batsmen to score the runs .
She learned to drive and play the drums .
None of the contenders impressed them .
The fascination is disproportionate .
But this all had to come to an end one day .
Those drugs have their own toxicities .
Others questioned my shopping habits .
The sale is expected to close this year .
The rest of the country could care less .
The magazine is appealing the verdict .
But the announcement has not been made .
You need to get some potassium on board .
One boy whipped out his digital camera .
A crime is only a crime if you are caught .
Yet they are reluctant to talk about it .
Now we are left with a huge uncertainty .
Learn a new language and visit museums .
A longer term solution is being sought .
Autism may be more common than thought .
Below are key excerpts from his letter .
But the story is unlikely to stop there .
That sounds like planning for failure .
Friends have left messages on her page .
Uncover filet mignon and wipe off miso .
Only rich people can live here anymore .
He has since sworn never to drink again .
Climbing mountains on a bike is not fun .
They had a goal disallowed for offside .
The instructions are simple and clear .
Ploughing and reaping are done by hand .
Some grounds for optimism are visible .
For now it is a mixture of frost and thaw .
The guys return just in the nick of time .
To say nothing of those fancy chickens .
You can recognize talent and foster it .
The cause of the collision was unknown .
He added the matter would be cleared up .
Work on a permanent fix begins tonight .
Harman said she had done nothing wrong .
You should be quiet and let the man work .
At the time she said she was devastated .
Fire and ambulance services attended .
The mission had taken only six minutes .
Leaders put people before themselves .
They had to know about what was going on .
Punish the strip searchers and move on .
He seemed content with his own company .
Wow did you ever hit the nail on the head .
But most accept it as a practical label .
But he hoped they could soon be revived .
The list of both has gotten much longer .
He has said more budget cuts are likely .
Russia immediately welcomed the move .
It also sent entire nations in to a spin .
But the square is no ordinary landmark .
They are fervent believers in texting .
Finish by sifting over the icing sugar .
And no one is forcing the poor to borrow .
Transplant surgeons might welcome it .
But even she bows her head in reverence .
Banks also enjoyed a technical bounce .
The maximum term is life imprisonment .
It was transformed in the last quarter .
Christianity now equals intolerance .
The walls are papered in textured gray .
Three books have been written about it .
The freshness and originality are not .
Talks with rival parties are underway .
I do not include the hat as an accessory .
The baby boomers bought all the houses .
Any slight wind of change can topple us .
None of them easy and none of them quick .
It has already been done for other uses .
Read your blog again and think about it .
That was certainly the case in my house .
The industry is continually changing .
Police were not involved in the matter .
The latest study fuels these concerns .
A hole in one on every third hole in fact .
But it is not being taken too seriously .
The water just took everything with it .
They also have erect penises attached .
Everything is just a matter of opinion .
But she is still collecting a paycheck .
Those cases will be heard in the spring .
It was a famously stormy relationship .
Ahmed claims the teen was shoplifting .
Back in the woodwork with the lot of you .
But this institution must be ruthless .
To be pampered is also to be suffocated .
Some residents support the crackdown .
Conservatives have never trusted him .
She looked over at him in mild surprise .
Best of all is the ritual of applying it .
Anything can happen and probably will .
They do not want foreign intervention .
The store took on a mood of comradeship .
But something good might come out of it .
The last round lacked only ticker tape .
He feels he has lost a year because of it .
The image he projected was one of power .
I trust it was as good for you as it was me .
There would simply be nothing to steal .
The location is still to be determined .
But he remembered one valuable lesson .
He could never change that perception .
Set aside while you cook the asparagus .
Women caught brewing local beverages .
Climate change was an obvious example .
In times of crisis you need leadership .
Her children suffered minor injuries .
The state has been placed on high alert .
That fits the mold of past market turns .
Gabriel can be heard crying on the tape .
All this has happened fairly recently .
He had to manhandle me off the mountain .
Halloween is not just for kids anymore .
The trick was obtaining the meringues .
Addiopizzo was founded five years ago .
Yet criticism is emerging in academia .
I thought that was a beautiful thought .
All the people in the radio had changed .
I go to work daily and put on a happy face .
Childress is still in recruiting mode .
Obama is not saying stop this election .
Labour created this debt fuelled mess .
But there are winners as well as losers .
Banker sacrifice then became popular .
Sixteen of those troops died in combat .
Doctors have always had shortcomings .
Plans are initiated with a strong push .
We would set up a company to own the ship .
The key to cooking with them is balance .
Saleh did not offer any more specifics .
The dough makes enough for four pizzas .
Press down around the mounds of cheese .
Brain scans of the patients are normal .
Snow was slowing the rescue operation .
Transfers can be arranged by the hotel .
Emergency reserves have their limits .
Nike fully supports him and his family .
Those were to be served consecutively .
Across the pews heads nod in agreement .
These men were talking about a fantasy .
And that makes it a very dangerous view .
Such amazingly articulate people wit .
A lot could happen between now and then .
Both deny any involvement in her death .
It may also present him with a headache .
The filmmaker retained the copyright .
He wanted them to be a part of the family .
We have the best uniforms in the league .
Careers and companies could be ruined .
Blair always won praise for his acting .
These are the orders of high authority .
Some may find this content disturbing .
Nanotechnology is a new medium for art .
He was approached after he pulled over .
After a month she was able to walk again .
Most of the music on it is of my choosing .
Perhaps we need some automatic brakes .
A transcript of the interview is below .
I get more money than most of my friends .
Suleman has not commented on the offer .
A course of three doses is recommended .
The crowd quickly swelled to hundreds .
She waited three weeks for the results .
He left the arena with his arm in a sling .
Bond and her colleagues sound serious .
The market welcomed the announcement .
Five whales have been helped this year .
We cannot let this be the end of the road .
Police declined to identify the child .
They create other costs and other work .
And then you had the whole problem with .
This article prompted a lot of thought .
His agenda has been dealt a mighty blow .
Alcohol was not believed to be a factor .
Underwhelming but hardly terrifying .
A very clever way of keeping us in check .
And evidence for this idea is stronger .
Martin declined to release specifics .
They did not demand renminbi or rupees .
Even insects did not want to taste them .
There are a variety of reasons for that .
Many of those on the lift were children .
Biden immediately condemned the plan .
Oxygen masks dropped from the ceiling .
This leads to more investment to a city .
Not everyone can be a jack of all trades .
We apologise for any confusion caused .
A lockout or a strike is still possible .
He was wearing a shirt bearing numbers .
Devotees of the brand collect them all .
Or more building blocks to our avatars .
The body ticks on through a lot of chaos .
He does not demand that we follow rules .
Getting through the day was difficult .
Bush would say anything to get elected .
She meant to handle things gracefully .
The trio were handed over to the police .
I feel like this is the right time for me .
It is girls who are more likely to smoke .
The man is currently in police custody .
The situation fairly oozes with irony .
I welcome your thoughts and questions .
With budgetary consequences to match .
Obama supporters are not part of a cult .
No wonder healthcare costs are so high .
Only four more shuttle flights remain .
He declined to give his name and hung up .
She had rescued herself from disaster .
Officials believe the plants are wild .
The bill may not really be padded at all .
Jets fans can only hope she is this time .
Girls have to be encouraged to aim high .
It is intended to be used as a guide only .
That really would have been a third way .
Each has its own distinctive features .
The figures have stayed low since then .
I wonder why it is not me living this way .
Zavvi could not be reached for comment .
But there is another potential reason .
That is a matter for the investigators .
Perhaps that was a missed opportunity .
They need to be eliminated altogether .
During interview my pants caught fire .
The man was confirmed dead at the scene .
The fall was as spectacular as his rise .
He has hinted that he may not tour again .
Police did not identify either victim .
He has also sold the firm in two buyouts .
Guadalcanal was a surprise late entry .
He has to get through the economy first .
Westwood has not had a bogey in two days .
Mathis would not say why it had not been .
The style has recently been effective .
I did human dissection for about a year .
You prefer that the uninsured just die .
And the decision went to the president .
But not quite so good for the programme .
He really knows how to use the race card .
None of the blue dogs will be reelected .
His own colleagues are well aware of it .
Both were elected without opposition .
Perhaps they were due some misfortune .
The fire spread to neighboring houses .
We weep for the tree and despise the man .
It is easy to see through the stratagem .
There are a couple of big issues at play .
Live bands perform throughout the day .
This book is being sold at a silly price .
A cornerstone of my method is exercise .
Broader stock indicators also surged .
The story is the same across the nation .
Beeching was mad to make the cuts he did .
And sportswear as a fashion statement .
At the mausoleum the entry line is long .
Only the older boy knows about the girl .
I can see why it would give people pause .
Many other nations can stay out of wars .
Beyond that was nothing but blue water .
I need you today perhaps more than ever .
With time this hierarchy was reversed .
Such are the battlefields of marriage .
Its seats were of leather and tapestry .
I think the apprehension is justified .
Waking up every day is a new transition .
The hopes you have are found in our film .
The passengers have not left the plane .
We are becoming a nation of fruitcakes .
This is a matter of political judgment .
He is not involved in the current trial .
They fell behind on mortgage payments .
Canada is soon to open an embassy there .
We had the literature and the savagery .
It is perfectly mediocre all on its own .
Handing over a patient is complicated .
Abramoff sits in federal prison today .
He died before there was chemotherapy .
It was time to concentrate on baseball .
He suffered no broken bones or bruises .
Not a problem facing the tent children .
I ask him if he will give me a little demo .
She was also suffering mild confusion .
The names of the fallen were read aloud .
Larkin was unfortunate in his parents .
There were big splash marks on the wall .
I really recommend you have her to stay .
It seems the machines have already won .
But his emotional investment was deep .
It is the wrong message to our children .
Their impact cannot be overestimated .
His very presence speaks of sacrifice .
But it needs to take a different course .
In the end we did well on the investment .
You may act as trustee for your own plan .
An earlier study found that it does not .
Looks like the soldiers picked them up .
Nearly a century on little has changed .
Other overseas markets were also down .
The whole world would stand on its legs .
Just curious what you are referring to .
Streets lack sidewalks and stop signs .
Neat upright habit and mildly scented .
Antipathy runs high between the sides .
I definitely feel a loss of confidence .
Smith was a man given to grand gestures .
He denies murder and attempted murder .
Kinship and ruling are not compatible .
A key aspect of this is the role of women .
That will mean swallowing their pride .
Her case remains officially unsolved .
Stanford is being held in the meantime .
We have to worry about chains of claims .
This is the true danger of these people .
Those inexorable tides come into play .
Her institute helped pay for the study .
Argentina went on to win the gold medal .
It may include extra teaching lessons .
Not much of a dilemma for either of them .
But success came at an appalling price .
They have defined night in legal terms .
Stewart should be allowed to post bond .
And that can indicate where he has been .
An indictment is merely an allegation .
Murray faces up to four years in prison .
Sewage and trash fester in the streets .
Then the commercial pushed him too far .
The drug had abruptly stopped working .
It kicks up clods of dirt in front of you .
This is market failure on a large scale .
Some were founded on a wing and a prayer .
And he was surprised by what he learned .
All three have had brushes with the law .
Which brings us to the nub of the matter .
Six more militants have been arrested .
The customers became beside the point .
I saw the movie and thought it was great .
Reaction of internet users is hostile .
Strutting about must run in the family .
But the improvement is unmistakeable .
He is also relentless with his message .
A federal judge was among those killed .
They have a lot of experience with that .
Pakistan is indeed in much worse shape .
But the situation remains precarious .
We need a financial services industry .
The remaining passengers are missing .
Another resource is your time and love .
Those attacks killed dozens of people .
The key is to apply the rule ruthlessly .
Such worries are rooted in two factors .
These transitions should be welcomed .
A further hearing is due in three weeks .
There was a lot of bullying in politics .
The remainder will not be convertible .
Make them loose capability to compete .
Maya twists and flutters a scarlet fan .
Beauty treatments are also available .
Its shutters are pulled firmly closed .
The breastfeeding areas are arranged .
Some will have to practise their roars .
This despite a drop in overall revenue .
Six soldiers are now known to have died .
Work is under way to treat the outbreak .
He now works as an industry consultant .
Regarded as high risk of harm to public .
The subject kept coming up all the time .
Both sides need to have skin in the game .
The explosion was kept from the public .
The job is not about coaching every day .
I belive this is a right wing cult group.
Stop lining the pockets of the fat cats .
This is something entirely different .
They were halted about an hour earlier .
Even the big guys can feel the pressure .
Buy the same ticket everyone else does .
It definitely tips the scales to great .
But the breakneck pace carried a price .
Flyrodders do the same with shad flies .
He was also treated for kidney failure .
It was pinned to a fawn coloured jacket .
The paper says the unions are jubilant .
Police say he was shot during a scuffle .
Multiple police units are at the scene .
The decision sparked calls for reform .
The hookup and two seals were replaced .
Any unexpected death is hard to except .
That got the biggest laugh of the night .
Good listener who likes to talk as well .
Police were called and he was arrested .
The nuclear option would make it toxic .
Police said the shooter fled the scene .
And he called and he was really nervous .
Instead they turned to grid computing .
Schools and universities also closed .
The shore is strung with little lights .
You can love somebody deeply and truly .
A lot of what he touched seemed to go bad .
No one has been prosecuted in that case .
The smell of explosives hung in the air .
We all know that this system is in agony .
But legally this might not be so simple .
Arrogance beats stupidity everytime .
Another drinks himself into oblivion .
Most boots sag and bag around my calves .
But some residents say more is at stake .
No records will be released right away .
Police said the injury was not serious .
There is a small outdoor swimming pool .
In the middle you have mainstream rock .
He wore a traditional white headscarf .
The state of the union is obstreperous .
But many were giddy with anticipation .
Eta is believed to be behind the attack .
Fold ingredients together to combine .
Now is not the time to go local and cheap .
We look forward to your participation.
The reality is that labs make mistakes .
Some of us even sleep through shelling .
There is a lot of apartment remodeling .
He had a wife and had seven kids with her .
It pointed up the hypocrisy of society .
The signature has been authenticated .
Allow input and take people seriously .
Publication does not mean acceptance .
I just started writing a song on a plane .
This is the strongest point in the book .
Asian equities markets followed suit .
I think it has helped to make me smarter .
You pull back to a more secure position .
Recently it has become a battleground .
He is certainly bringing about change .
He said the weather befitted the event .
But opposition groups are crying foul .
Both technologies will probably work .
This was the best way to take it forward .
His baptism presents its own problems .
Every other table seems to be a regular .
Israel has the right to protect itself .
Police helicopters hovered overhead .
The building had completely pancaked .
As a teenager he began writing stories .
Big coal has always operated like that .
But they denied having sex on the beach .
It is a core brain function for infants .
Public education is an embarrassment .
No creature should have to die that way .
It is not yet known when work will begin .
And luck he has already had in the event .
Maybe she could have been exposed to it .
Each has so much to learn from the other .
It is with tears that we bid him goodbye .
The more it tries to do the more it fails .
Bandar is giddy just thinking about it .
Gleeson is more than an effective foil .
It may be at the heart of coming battles .
A car was also badly damaged in the fire .
He described the attack as a truck bomb .
Porsche has dumped its embattled boss .
It is the neoliberal agenda writ large .
Republicans are not ceding the region .
I just ask my agents to send me material .
They want cash to stave off bankruptcy .
Burrell is no stranger to controversy .
The coffin was placed on a gun carriage .
Nylon wigs and cigarettes are a bad mix .
My article treats some of these issues .
Security in the city is still a concern .
But then the rates began to edge upward .
Our war on microbes has toughened them .
And to execute on both ends of the floor .
Both cases are awaiting a court ruling .
The porridge project seemed feasible .
They can also be used in manufacturing .
I am not thinking about changing clubs .
The scale of this one is just so complex .
Icahn did not return a call for comment .
They are now coming under extra strain .
What a start to his ascent to greatness .
The dashboard is too high or something .
But the concept is much older than that .
Initial reports suggest a pilot error .
It has been cold all week in both cities .
At least seven of the dead are children .
It is also illegal to harass consumers .
Rasmussen himself alluded to the rift .
A hospital nearby had power and lights .
Cuba has no access outside the country .
I know because new guys keep showing up .
That failed to stem the conspiracists .
Experts differ on who exactly needs it .
The book does not explain this mystery .
It seemed like such a good opportunity .
The catchy windows draw people inside .
Thanks for all your comments and links .
Mussina has announced his retirement .
The patient must take the dose himself .
But this is not the end of the operation .
The two men were in a flat above the shop .
No date has been set for the funeral yet .
Now they are just becoming more brazen .
The man then stole a handbag and ran off .
They can talk openly about the disease .
You can go to the piece by clicking here .
You need to be the first woman to do this .
Obama needs more time to check this out .
Washington was relieved of his duties .
Regulators must ensure that it is both .
Leadership thrives on uniting people .
Mandatory evacuations were under way .
This headline and story are atrocious .
I explained as delicately as possible .
It seemed like a good subject for a song .
She understands if it offended people .
Some stacked furniture on their roofs .
British politics has come full circle .
The divorce was anything but amicable .
Make sure you really want and need them .
She said his attendence would improve .
He has been admonished over the matter .
Healy considered the piece innocuous .
We need to look and find an improvement .
He has barely stopped sprinting since .
Access brought capital and customers .
Unions these days are relatively weak .
Forty percent of us were latchkey kids .
The biggest are nearly a foot in length .
Iraqis say that civilians were killed .
The final dividend was left unchanged .
It was as though she had never been away .
Two especially intractable problems .
She said police had ended their search .
You will not be expected to go on camera .
Flat on its face hardly does it justice .
Neither host actually opened the show .
This has led to some damaging mistakes .
The army built up levees with sandbags .
It eventually hired back about a dozen .
There are times when people must fight .
The police have just released details .
Arpaio steadfastly denies the charge .
Crowd starting to bustle into the hall .
Freedom does not come neatly packaged .
That was enough to get the market going .
Anthrax contaminated heroin spreads .
Pundits tend to be a lagging indicator .
I can pay the balance off in four months .
The best deal in the history of mankind .
But the big crowds never materialized .
But statistics are terribly slippery .
I think all astronauts should be women .
First of all your facts are inaccurate .
Cemetery officials would not comment .
Please do not confuse my love with hate .
Such denial may reveal a wider problem .
He was a very good friend to his friends .
And that is just some of the nice things .
Washington is a top critic of the junta .
Vast black tanks loom in side chambers .
But the money must come from somewhere .
Fighter aircraft have been scrambled .
They were all released six hours later .
It looks as if we have turned the corner .
And he just plain obsesses about death .
He finished a distant third in the vote .
China is also importing ever more food .
It was found to be an empty shell casing .
Not only because we admire an underdog .
It was an absolutely brilliant system .
Cambodia was asked to repatriate them .
I arrive at my hotel late in the evening .
We the people are invisible to this man .
The standards may turn out to be too lax .
Because elections have consequences .
Spring also means music in these parts .
A man got killed going past a barricade .
It is a philosophy he is free to promote .
Successful organisations are stable .
Race was an issue throughout the trial .
Ivanovic is still uneven in stretches .
Fans like their tickets transferable .
Holder declined to offer more details .
That opened up a raft of possibilities .
They certainly do not have a happy past .
All major carriers offer this service .
So first reactions have been cautious .
They prefer neutral to alkaline soils .
We are up for negotiation in this place .
He has not attempted a pass this season .
She has not granted an interview since .
Her body remains trapped under the van .
But it is axiomatically an act of faith.
For me this is the most important thing .
Democracy was tarnished even earlier .
Mohammed then started the second half .
The coach was acquitted of all charges .
Several other factors proved crucial .
Smiles and laughter mingle with tears .
You build the relationship from there .
Bolinas wears its xenophobia proudly .
Government authorities may also help .
Abhisit declared a state of emergency .
Every little thing will get pounced on .
Foreclosures tend to drag down prices .
Members must ensure that claims do not .
Building your own site certainly does .
Some said they were going voluntarily .
But such concerns were for another day .
We have to begin to withdraw our forces .
The four were all charged with robbery .
The same applies to starting the games .
And the gop will get to prove this works .
But the effects waned soon thereafter .
Lawmakers say they have little choice .
But the scientists refused to be drawn .
The palette grows muted as you descend .
And our country will be the worse for it .
Toss together and add the sesame seeds .
All they really needed was an appetite .
Turn on a television or read a magazine .
But there are dangerous global forces .
So we had a look to see what was out there .
I guarantee all will choose the former .
The buildings are now ringed by troops .
The answer could finally lead to a cure .
Zinc is believed to help with adhesion .
Our economy remains in intensive care .
Seriously you people need to get a grip .
Your checks will be processed as usual .
He was relaxed and charming yesterday .
A lot was asked of the players involved .
It was a trip through the twilight zone .
Two other members of staff were unhurt .
I think the memorials should continue .
The second is criticality assessment .
Many have been deployed several times .
He faces a commercial burglary charge .
That was the last time we heard from him .
Huge tracts of land have been acquired .
Geragos has tried to delay the hearing .
He has reached the halfway stage by now .
Apocalypse is a bit of an oversatement .
But it may also carry some seeds of hope .
Blues dominated local radio stations .
The reasons for that seem fairly clear .
It takes a lot to make searchers give up .
But the whole process makes you wonder .
Our relationship has never recovered .
Now absinthe has been widely restored .
They returned the next day and the next .
She closed her eyes to what was going on .
Construction is slated for the spring .
One hit him on the hand with the cleaver .
But at first he confounded his critics .
Some people on the train were also hurt .
Enough with the free welfare hand outs .
Shareholders should show him the door .
They thought he was a decent classy guy .
He said he has never missed a day of duty .
I personally think this is not ethical .
But their efforts paid off handsomely .
He is also restricted in some training .
Politeness is how they mend the breach .
Sudan said it had expected the warrant .
He starts from the office in the market .
And that is only one part of the problem .
Three of her six children died at birth .
But then their little teapot got blown .
A little dance with his absent partner .
They were active in their communities .
Such sacrifices can clearly backfire .
I am looking forward to use the service .
Economics plays the cruellest tricks .
More details are expected in a few days .
It was also a very visible bachelor pad .
Skeptics emerged almost immediately .
Ireland fell into recession last week .
I am sorry to hear about your migraines .
You can see the halfway point from here .
This is a new position with the company .
The most unexpected thing in the world .
And the women hate her more than the men .
Now he comes near to letting them off it .
It was pretty clear she was quite drunk .
The mundane bits are the bits we made up .
Neither spoke to reporters afterward .
I think fuel surcharges are a test case .
The rate is likely to increase sharply .
He gave her an engagement ring and then .
Climbing the mountain is the cushy bit .
Today they have become much more savvy .
Some were shot by cult security guards .
She pleaded for help and the two hugged .
We locked her car and took away the keys .
The function of sleep is still unknown .
It found that he had done nothing wrong .
This in itself is history in the making .
Her school allows her time off to train .
The modern parallels are inescapable .
The concession itself is cordoned off .
I do not recall if it actually kept time .
But how much above is another question .
Will not be mentioned by party leaders .
It was unclear if the boy was the bomber .
They reflect about the play in the play .
He has extremely high miles on his legs .
They warned this would happen and it is .
Many multiplexes offer a wider choice .
Not that he has much to be relaxed about .
The helicopter banked in the darkness .
Officers have appealed for witnesses .
We hope the next president will do that .
Or we had aged out of social insecurity .
Sponsors pick up every penny of the tab .
We were worried that we had got it wrong .
But my personal life was another story .
Computers fail in unpredictable ways .
Other approaches are a bit more subtle .
None of the casualties have been named .
It was his only field goal in four shots .
Her first patient was her own daughter .
There is simply too much free research .
He returned late in the second quarter .
Internet memes are not always logical .
Police in riot gear nearby did nothing .
This is what a credit crisis looks like .
Injuries were sustained on both sides .
He told us what we could expect from him .
Temporary tax cuts are saved not spent .
I politely refuse just short of the top .
Rights groups criticize the findings .
The snoring could be a number of things .
Justice and policing are now devolved .
Apple actually produces very few apps .
Change has been afoot in recent months .
And practice hydration in moderation .
My family and friends keep me grounded .
We have achieved a great deal together .
A skylight runs the length of the house .
They leave the area or go deep in winter .
There are slightly more women than men .
But her greatness was already at an end .
She went online to research the matter .
Attorney general writes end of script .
But these things come by the bucketful .
No birth records are believed to exist .
Tagle could not be reached for comment .
So my own story is different in that way .
So many of these wines are unfortified .
Everyone says he has his old swing back .
Nothing so obvious as a direct payment .
An indictment is merely an allegation .
The judge has demanded an explanation .
He also faces drug conspiracy charges .
Evidently there would be no hunt today .
I think freepie has a tantrum coming on .
These will have to be very substantial .
They are not like any you have ever seen .
Each half now operates independently .
The government may have other motives .
The soldiers know their job is crucial .
This is a relatively tender interlude .
She says she has always wanted to teach .
The biggest change is in partisanship .
He said he did not have further details .
Watteau painted slowly and died young .
He expected access to a weapons armory .
Bankruptcy is a societal safety valve .
In autumn the leaves turn burgundy red .
But many funds did much worse than that .
More than one dozen people were killed .
Prices include flights and transfers .
Moderate exercise is also encouraged .
He has to deliver an unpopular message .
It has happened before in other sports .
Cyrus sees the new movie as a first step .
Rarely has music so loud been so sleepy .
Nozoe could not be reached for comment .
It all comes down to a lack of judgement .
They did this on more than one occasion .
The corridors are lined with more beds .
Larvie could not be reached to comment .
These are not isolated horror stories .
Johnson was driving it as a favor to him .
There was no word on what was discussed .
The starter is still firing his pistol .
A new pavilion is on its way this winter .
A spokesman said there would be no fees .
Still solitary with all petals closed .
Crosby totaled eight points last week .
Pray real hard cause that always works .
A hand for junkies trying to kick drugs .
Fifteen more people raise their hands .
That would keep the kids quiet for a bit .
God help the country if that is the case .
Tajikistan is well versed in hardship .
Obviously someone with no conscience .
We heard the faint cries of a man inside .
We built a shelter with coconut thatch .
Look for refusal to eat and aggression .
The problem starts with consent forms .
That choice comes with lots of options .
The government has a real problem here .
We tend to isolate the cash in our minds .
But they are masters of tax collection .
We are proud to say we knew and loved him .
The display on the screen was just text .
We have and still maintain good credit .
The trespass order was issued in error .
Not bad for a couple of civic activists .
The fact that it was drivable was a plus .
The names of the dead were not released .
The case is likely to be heard next week .
This is a global downturn in auto sales .
All special people is taken away early .
We know the threat of terrorism is real .
The stepsister has also been arrested .
Click on a player for more information .
Some lies are more devious than others .
Lions drive the boks into bigger herds .
Locke said the foursomes play as teams .
Broader stock indicators ended mixed .
It led to a roar from the partisan crowd .
Some reports say he left a suicide note .
It was easier for us print journalists .
A doctor said she had six months to live .
I do not attach much importance to this .
Acting was not one of her strong points .
Globalization is driving the new push .
The news sent global markets tumbling .
Count me in as a data point in that trend .
Help is coming to this part of the world .
Religious beliefes have to step aside .
The government was quick to criticise .
They were the first to arrive this year .
Important new ethics laws were passed .
More likely this is just profit taking .
I think the same message applies today .
The charge could bring a life sentence .
Replace your brush every three months .
Comfort is the realm of existing habit .
There will be reunions in years to come .
Rising inflation is a growing concern .
He is all talk to walk but no means to run .
He is not the only one thinking this way .
A policeman was among those convicted .
We have a loose clubhouse environment .
Catches were plump and so were profits .
Take a look at the credit card industry .
The location where the bike was stolen .
The call ended with the sound of a crash .
His best paintings are free of figures .
He was so happy that he even cut our fare .
To connect with them would be a miracle .
And who are paying for their treatment .
They wanted to use them for propaganda .
Many of their answers were unexpected .
The son had to be cut out of the wreckage .
He predicted it would be a prizewinner .
He said the airport has now apologised .
Security cameras have also been added .
The five others are from border states .
So much here is changing for the better .
It is like they are just taunting us now .
Beckham responded well to the changes .
Electrons have a property called spin .
His parents did not hear from him again .
Both urged her to slow down and to smile .
The leaves start to shrivel and curl up .
Not all of these proposals are popular .
Middlesex had to be content with three .
He is in an almost impossible quandary .
The second book is yet to be determined .
The hotel will remain open throughout.
I will do everything to cover my tracks .
But that resilience proved ephemeral .
Police said it was a rare type of rescue .
We could just express our views freely .
The worst would be a freeze in payments .
Early man likely experienced the same .
That is unlikely to be the case for long .
Here is what we do know about our cousin .
In the assault casualties were severe .
Definitely an acceptable substitute .
Trutanich can still make a fresh start .
Hancock found it on the practice range .
Two headsets cater to the gaming crowd .
Let their music play and enjoy the ride .
Sweeteners will be severely rationed .
The music making is simple and sincere .
Several strong aftershocks followed .
We lost power and telecommunications .
What is required is not rocket science .
The seller wished to remain anonymous .
But voters did not embrace their cause .
Sampras is disgusted and traumatised .
Other folks are still arguing about it .
Some people are more equal than others .
Both times he was accused of being a spy .
There is nothing wrong with such a view .
I can tell you our thoughts are with him .
It is never easy to give up a job you love .
A crowd gathered at the sound of sirens .
Some parents struggle with the change .
They have over stimulated the economy .
The problem is that old habits die hard .
For services to the knitwear industry .
She was hospitalized for several days .
I think that has something to do with it .
Women also have to have their hair done .
I think of it as a cheap publicity stunt .
Those that succeed spread prosperity .
I have enough of a hard time with murses .
The cookies need to come out of the oven .
Shanghai is still a mockery of a market .
Pando reportedly has fled the country .
He will be laid to rest over the weekend .
Some of us eventually lose it after all .
Lewis seemed surprised by her answers .
I play golf and my motivation is to help .
And everyone in the middle gets killed .
Miami has seven days to match the offer .
The police are patrolling the streets .
Two men and a woman were trapped inside .
This will continue to get interesting .
It is the mark of leadership to see this .
He is not the only one taking soundings .
Probably from a sucker punch to the gut .
That makes an existential difference .
Please use the form below to contact us .
Other states have also felt the impact .
Some of this may have hurt her campaign .
Being a footballer means getting hurt .
All you can do is educate your children .
Others include human habitat and cost .
Julia refuses to sign the undertaking .
Things got testy in the fourth quarter .
This cuts down on dirty dishes and time .
Ask the real tough questions of the day .
Ferguson may have less to distract him .
This battle will be fought nationwide .
The troops and police are our brothers .
The vehicle was later found abandoned .
He will not face a deselection contest .
It may also change the ways people work .
His personality is also very divisive .
Keane is making a nice impression also .
Thanks for illustrating my point spob .
And yet this is a little slice of luxury .
These places are havens for tinkerers .
She is expected to testify at his trial .
He still carries a letter she wrote him .
Rahmeh was lightly injured in the foot .
Shortly afterwards the engine blew up .
Mark to muddle may be closer to reality .
The pause is intended to build tension .
That will just kill it for any teenager .
Read a book and discuss it with friends .
He did not identify the other casualty .
Commodities tumbled across the board .
Further such deals are in the pipeline .
You remind me of that psycho gym killer .
Browse the nominees and cast your vote .
Our challenge then is to finish the job .
She sees her plan as a way to change that .
The man also smelt strongly of alcohol .
Palin is milking this to get attention .
His mind was completely full of tennis .
No citations were immediately issued .
Bruce took that as a vote of confidence .
The neighborhood built up around them .
Sadly at the moment there is not enough .
But they have high hopes for the future .
Spouses raise red flags for reporters .
The irony is not detectable in his tone .
The plain chips are a bit of a weak point .
Unclear is the source of the fact sheet .
Now the priorities are very different .
Waters later surprised him with a plan .
The zoo experience might prove useful .
This is very important and very urgent .
Everybody in the store recognised him .
The answers were sometimes troubling .
We both cried out of anger and pure hurt .
Vonn exceeded her goals with two golds .
But the twist does make it interesting .
No options are being ruled out just yet .
Overseas markets were narrowly mixed .
Jacob believes people can choose good .
Daniels says no decision has been made .
Yet all is not danger and exploitation .
The response by authorities was tough .
His lawyer denied he was ever in hiding .
The attack was not a complete surprise .
Other essays are rooted in the present .
And he will win a championship someday .
Her face was wider and more expressive .
His face cracked the occasional smile .
Nikki is just like such a little badass .
Two lessons have always stayed with me .
He has won little else of significance .
No one really knew how much he was worth .
The master bedroom has a dressing area .
This seems like a ridiculous question .
Kennedy frequently told blatant lies .
I agree with almost everything you say .
Intense marketing is part of the issue .
And for meritocrats it could get worse .
Or she might refuse to agree to the sale .
The latest renewal is good for one year .
There used to be such a stigma attached .
The body was not what was bothering her .
Police said he was not drunk at the time .
Long gone are the days of chalk and talk .
The plant is certainly not hard to find .
Rural areas vote more than urban areas .
One would think those are natural fits .
But most of the players remain the same .
And in many cases exceptional results .
But they mostly came from the audience .
It and two other plates were voted down .
High wide and handsome suits me to a tee .
What a pair of truly lamentable eejits .
A union spokesman declined to comment .
His mobile phone and wallet were taken .
Religion enters in a variety of guises .
Paramedics were unable to save the man .
I was shocked by her ignorance and lies .
But that may be the least of its worries .
And yet other places are still floored .
Deterrence would define such a policy .
Celebrity is well and truly a business .
Clearly they will want something done .
Harden off bedding plants sown inside .
But the promise has not been fulfilled .
Sparkman adopted him when he was a baby .
Eurovision officials were not amused .
It was so fast development was dropped .
Consider this hypothetical scenario .
Miranda has a place of honor in the room .
Islamabad could be in for more bad news .
Better politicians have gone for less .
Change is difficult if not impossible .
The scan says the unborn child is a girl .
Women work on market stalls or in cafes .
Lufti was eventually allowed to enter .
It was one of my motivations to beat her .
Your kids are going to get an education .
The extent of his injury was uncertain .
There would be absolutely no jobs lost .
Controversy is therefore guaranteed .
Just as completely it has disappeared .
They want to show who controls the land .
Page says he will pursue solo projects .
But it soon became apparent that he was .
Most of us would consider legal action .
Tensions appear to have cooled for now .
Now schools have become less nitpicky .
He continues in this vein for some time .
Nonetheless it would send an observer .
But they should be prepared for a fight .
But we all have a problem of perception .
Amy knew nothing about golf at the time .
Swing control still confounds me a bit .
But no one was looking systematically .
All you can do is make your version of it .
Everyone does have healthcare though .
Residents say that hope sustains them .
Except that it was never quite the same .
British heavyweight boxing champion .
Teachers often fail to show up for work .
We can produce a million chicks a month .
The essence of his achievement is here .
It is also a measure of aerobic fitness .
It has a proud history of social reform .
The women were dressed as schoolgirls .
And they will in turn will be built upon .
It sounds like a very bipartisan class .
Gibson falls into the latter category .
The future is obsolescence in reverse .
The race featured eight caution flags .
She is always ebulliently solicitous .
Brown shows signs of the same syndrome .
I was thinking the other day about this .
We all know that things are over priced .
His face indicates his opinion of that .
That has two intriguing implications .
I nominate the nuclear power industry .
The power to tax is the power to destroy .
There was not a lot of political satire .
She was never charged in that shooting .
The company is contesting the lawsuit .
Think back over the course of your life .
Not trying to get rich quick from a loan .
Coughlin said it would be his decision .
Denver always was a playoff contender .
The result is exciting for two reasons .
Holiday shopping goes into overdrive .
He suffers from syphilis and delirium .
And we look forward to hearing from you .
It is indeed an amazing world we live in .
There are good doctors and bad doctors .
A day when the faithful stop turning up .
Woods said this is a promising finding .
Now they show up wearing the same shoes .
The nursery now also offers mail order .
Imagine that you are going into battle .
It is a serious one and needs attention .
The physics engine is a bit of a mess too .
I believe there is a lot of truth to that .
Now villagers say they feel abandoned .
His father plans to join them next week .
Thank you for taking us on your journey .
The storm is being felt across the west .
That might be a bit of an overstatement .
She held her youngest child in her arms .
Spoon the syllabub on top of the trifle .
She pleaded for privacy for his family .
Replays showed that the call was wrong .
And all for the want of a horseshoe nail .
Zadeh says he has received no response .
Gayle has been a revelation as captain .
It was the only little margin of the day .
Oil product futures surged on the news .
Paris fashion week runs over nine days .
It was supposed to be their wedding day .
Most colds get better within a few days .
Everyone was welcome to join in his fun .
But we need to be diligent on this score .
Police believe the house was targeted .
Schools can keep these details on file .
You audition to be in a pilot every year .
I vote for more and more zero tolerance .
Rene could defuse just about anything .
It is said that they were his last words .
Several of the languages are moribund .
Parker also missed both of those games .
It was just an unbelievable situation .
A government bailout is not the answer .
There are probably three times as many .
Wigan will be happy to make that happen .
He was arrested on suspicion of murder .
Big borrowers will have a tougher time .
Have a cell phone for this purpose only .
No bodies were discovered in the wreck .
He was forced to leave by the long delay .
But restraint is not what is needed now .
Widespread violence had been averted .
Drilling is not going to help you at all .
She knew something terrible was afoot .
But he has taken that feedback to heart .
He chose not to speak at his sentencing .
Essie has the biggest range of colours .
Congress has yet to approve the latter .
Its banks are also in reasonable shape .
Someone mentioned false dichotomies .
Bryant sought a quick end to the finals .
Imagine our diet without pollinators .
March figures were also revised lower .
Plenty of people will be offering them .
Labour now leads with a majority of two .
It seemed like a disaster in the making .
There were no false positive readings .
California has long been an innovator .
The split is not just along party lines .
I would think you would agree with that .
Each was amputated just below the knee .
Two programs with a history of winning .
Democrats are likely in for a wild ride .
The two chose to play a music video game .
Neither was included in our valuation .
Two to three inches of rain is possible .
The plane bears the scars of a long life .
They caught up with him on the sea shore .
Disaster had struck banking yet again .
But it needs to be a determining factor .
Choose a soft or extra soft toothbrush .
I never lose weight on holiday usually .
An elephant carcass was found close by .
But the researchers sounded doubtful .
There is some exaggeration in all this .
But no campaign is reaching out too far .
Many clinics keep lawyers on retainer .
Some people talk about suicide as a sin .
Then they have to plan the spring hatch .
The atmosphere between us was special .
I can turn the tears on professionally .
Blanco had three hits and scored twice .
It was important that the cast had that .
We must recognise two harsh realities .
Prosecutors so far have not commented .
Financial figures were not available .
I generally do not like to propose bans .
This is a wonderful and unusual column .
I promptly dismissed this as hysteria .
Cuban air travel has increased lately .
That record was besmirched yesterday .
It must hurt for you to think about that .
No wonder the tea party crowd loves him .
Since then much blood has been spilled .
Here are their latest monthly reports .
I offer them something they cannot buy .
Names of the victims were not released .
Chicken meat was compressed frog legs .
Ministers and civil servants hated it .
Pure distraction from the real issues .
Each house also has some unique powers .
The other reason feels more spiritual .
It is especially grim news for the poor .
At least he looks at good looking booty .
But things have not always gone his way .
Art from excrement has a long pedigree .
What a capper to this year in the majors .
His blood counts were monitored daily .
She had her first kiss at the racetrack .
This is now as well known as the agw scam .
It did not explain the differing tolls .
He became a global literary celebrity .
Immediately a referendum is required .
Financial stocks fell for a second day .
I think he already looked like a corpse .
Jimenez worked out of a jam in the fifth .
Ranger talks are rarely worth the time .
Could make for some interesting shows .
Driving licences will not be accepted .
The whole situation seemed odd to them .
Give us a chance to finish our good work .
He is expected to do so early next month .
Several have been turned into museums .
But there is a more touching point here .
Women in bonnets and unadorned frocks .
A judge has not yet ruled on the dispute .
Perhaps this basketball team can help .
And his tennis was equally indecisive .
Think of it as the pop opera to his arias .
My dream was to work on special effects .
There doctors will examine them again .
The included remote is disappointing .
Sexual partners might be of either sex .
It only took me ten years to recuperate .
By the a water crisis is not that far off .
Norwich is exploring a similar scheme .
But nothing compares to the real thing .
Both denied that they had intercourse .
European markets showed slight gains .
He came over and handed us the umbrella .
Police say there are no other suspects .
That allows them to develop and to grow .
That is a huge aspiration for our sport .
Slice the fennel as finely as possible .
These institutions failed miserably .
They threw more after they fell behind .
An independent candidate won one seat .
Liriano began the season in the minors .
Maybe he has that much time on his hands .
Only three blocks have been completed .
Kenny had not been previously charged .
Floating churches are extremely rare .
The signing was more than celebration .
But he has done so with enormous aplomb .
They are asked not to clog up hospitals .
That is not the action of a lightweight .
Berbatov could have walked the ball in .
But we cannot afford to forget about it .
But what was missing was the mechanism .
Some even profited from foreclosures .
The tragedy lay in failing to stop them .
A table groans with sample bomboniere .
And that process does raise sea levels .
Intermediary rough becomes a problem .
Then scan as much of the sky as possible .
Yet the embryos refrain from hatching .
It was just as his coaches had scripted .
Click here to find out the documentary .
Oil workers evacuated rigs in the gulf .
The closest real city is one state over .
Further down the slope he found out why .
The plot has holes deeper than the ones .
This view fits the spirit of our own age .
But others have been far more generous .
I work in the title insurance industry .
Jobs health information is protected .
Time on the pitch means the world to him .
Industry figures back up that concern .
And there were some additional issues .
I agree with most of the comments so far .
Coffee bars are packed in the evenings .
Everything is falling into their laps .
All appeared to be calves or yearlings .
The call will be archived for two weeks .
And the opposition is divided and weak .
The world is far better off with out him .
Exit polls predicted similar results .
Opposition to immigration is growing .
How the girl became stuck was a mystery .
But as of late school has gotten me down .
Her spokeswoman denounced the report .
A complete list of winners is attached .
But other changes may be more pressing .
Initial reports indicate iz nyiiiice .
But there were some encouraging signs .
There was nothing ornamental about it .
The woman was not injured in the attack .
Kiprusoff has won six straight starts .
He was thought to be in his late sixties .
Bottlers have been keeping that money .
They can have fun with the exhibitions .
Add dumplings and cook till they float .
This is a country still very much at war .
It would make this world a better place .
He killed three women and wounded nine .
Iraqi casualties have also fallen off .
Still others have tried to flee abroad .
She started to write down her feelings .
This is normally when the bond matures .
This communication is not an offering .
Workplace stress pales in comparison .
There are many of mixed flavors as well .
This is threatening to be a lost season .
And their numbers are expected to grow .
He feared he would be considered unfit .
Worst possible choice they could make .
There are some improvements under way .
And all that is quite alien to football .
I was just excited and enjoyed playing .
He played four minutes and two seconds .
She denied staff were being ripped off .
The customers seem happy with the idea .
Thomas just shakes his head and smiles .
Or sell or give away excess belongings .
Prince has lost his funky purple strut .
Police needed to know his name and fast .
Some were out of school for a year or two .
I felt like my last album was yesterday .
Societies understood this in the past .
Some have low profiles and tilted axes .
Distribution used to be a simple chain .
This information is general in nature .
Religion is not my idea of vacation fun .
He knew it belonged to a large male lion .
Other intelligence officials agreed .
There are hints that that might happen .
But he deserves credit on other fronts .
A vote is scheduled for early next week .
Feilden was much in demand as a speaker .
The situation in the air may be similar .
Spend time with people who support you .
It is not an exercise she does too often .
The brother said he rushed to the scene .
It also requires a fine tightrope walk .
Chemotherapy and radiation followed .
But affordability is no longer a given .
Some countries are loosening further .
A bad painting of ships under full sail .
Honduras may have been a turning point .
But there have been flashes of tension .
Her daughter accepted it on her behalf .
The foot is easing off the accelerator .
Dunwoody comes from a military family .
They should not use more than directed .
Iran says its work is to produce energy .
His promotion will be welcomed widely .
Suddenly a wave of anxiety came over me .
He later jumped ship to the opposition .
He is currently corporate controller .
That can include talking to strangers .
It is believed they had been strangled .
Icahn himself has declined to comment .
Nor is it only consumers who are scared .
Just click the monitor at left for more .
I have been a big fan from the beginning .
There is going to be slippage in others .
Finally the demonstrators dispersed .
Both would be below current forecasts .
Yet wheelchair basketball has lagged .
It is clearly something and something .
I like when the fans are screaming at me .
In fact it almost defies my vocabulary .
This is our need and the need of the hour .
And my post was supposed to be under his .
The sheriff said no crime is suspected .
No shots were fired during the robbery .
But it can be hard to spot an unsafe lift .
He said some had already agreed to do so .
I am deeply grateful for their efforts .
Hopefully that makes it more powerful .
The man who kills himself kills all men .
Others memorialize historic moments .
Another easy hit is energy efficiency .
We just thought that was sort of ironic .
The former players are pushing for him .
He asked me if everything was all right .
There was a fish store five blocks away .
So give your whole ear a gentle rubdown .
It created a sudden flare of happiness .
They complicate rather than simplify .
Comments are no longer being accepted .
This is what the market tests every day .
The phone can also be used for payments .
They just had a significant house fire .
A common sense approach is way overdue .
The world is a college of corporations .
There are three vacancies on the board .
Now they are missing their best player .
The strike is not without its benefits .
That fact changes the balance of power .
Banks shares continued to be worst him .
Everyone at the club would say the same .
I was bullied and felt bad about myself .
But there is at least one bedroom scene .
Peavy struck out four and walked three .
We were very anxious at the checkpoint .
Thereafter he resumed his wanderings .
I met a new man and we fell deeply in love .
That is especially true to amphibians .
Many appeals have not yet been decided .
Intelius is not a fraudulent business .
But the meeting was seen as a first step .
And the sole responsibility of others .
Others may certify deaths in a hospice .
Looked strong and pretty comfortable .
The only criticize those who can write .
The timing of the story was intriguing .
And no emotional support is flowing in .
This is not an easy question to address .
I just want to speak to the larger issue .
I could care less about illegal aliens .
The economic gravity is irresistible .
He will come back when the time is right .
Officers are also examining the scene .
He is the champion with two rounds to go .
We urgently need to address this issue .
Others see a more fundamental problem .
And since that day he has never stopped .
This was much scarier than our bluster .
What good that may do remains to be seen .
Some also wear tags around their necks .
A final choice is expected by late fall .
Millions of others were simply made up .
The dreams are flowing just as quickly .
It is now likely to be broken up and sold .
Ahmadinejad did not name the official .
More crude will not benefit the market .
Few other details were known about him .
Benkenstein was even more impressive .
I enjoyed seeing the clothes they wear .
China has a poor record in human rights .
Progress has come at a heavy human cost .
The other side can be starches and meat .
Her name was not immediately released .
Rivera was convinced he would be fired .
The daughter is not charged in the case .
Show your love by being willing to give .
He also attempted to light a cigarette .
He had keys to many of the houses in town .
Galeas said he is among those students .
It has worked in the beverage industry .
Bersani was the clear favourite to win .
I think it is the next big thing in green .
There are a couple of good restaurants .
His mom is a secretary at a nursing home .
He ends up falling in love with the girl .
Your body makes cholesterol on its own .
I will be doing it probably this summer .
The woman was trapped in one of the cars .
Both teams will be without key players .
But now the government has passed a law .
Roaming charges abroad add up quickly .
I think that was a courageous decision .
It promises to be a compelling odyssey .
Include a drawing or use some stickers .
Cromartie had his laptop in his locker .
Double glazing and parking spaces are .
But her competition was simply better .
He hit five sixes and eight boundaries .
Their markets can do very well on trend .
But the carrots come from other states .
All innovation is not good innovation .
She saw a niche in a very feminine crowd .
Hightower is survived by her daughter .
The classroom door was still wide open .
It suggested it still was not fully fit .
She fell unconscious and the baby fell .
He was said to have been thunderstruck .
Alice has been homeless for five years .
It cuts a plug of earth out of the ground .
This is a very impressive performance .
The two factions remain bitter rivals .
Both rivals insist the tide is turning .
The other is thought to be a local woman .
Everything is for sale with this group .
He declined a request for an interview .
Smiles and handshakes were exchanged .
Each one of us has to make a step forward .
These people want to keep their salary .
But interdependency is a slender reed .
We ask the media to respect our privacy .
He was finished before he even started .
The deadline passed with no agreement .
It is not a message that sinks in easily .
Land use is a further contentious area .
In the finale of the hockey tournament .
Virgin is bitterly opposed to the deal .
No one has written your destiny for you .
He was sentenced to seven years in jail .
I strongly condemn such interference .
History is not necessarily on his side .
It is true that no men are created equal .
However some forms of crime increased .
But some people believe he may be alive .
Iran fired a similar missile last year .
Each skater or duo can enter two events .
He promoted the sale of council houses .
The fallout is going to be spectacular .
I thought she was in love with me as much .
The last three years of life matter too .
That individual must belong to a group .
The rest is mostly just recession gore .
It is a complete waste of time and money .
The imitation ends when practice does .
That cruel choice is largely illusory .
Surgery of which he is an active member .
Emotional loss was compounded by fear .
Both were laughing when they finished .
The checks were mailed out this summer .
Use the nuke option and no one will care .
Johnson then came up with two big putts .
It produced another dreary spectacle .
They have a different take on surfaces .
Some black lawmakers were more direct .
Their arrival went largely unnoticed .
But he was not comfortable at the start .
I guess she was able to help me after all .
Council bus services were privatised .
Not exactly the best place to go beserk .
The dollar was mostly higher overseas .
It carried the first icy hint of winter .
The timing of an agreement was unclear .
She says she just wanted a child to love .
Some groups have additional concerns .
Each side will have to make tough calls .
Giffords was featured as a target on it .
Car companies shone across the region .
I want to keep the album short and sweet .
A lot of pensioners go there regularly .
Your home smells like a rubber factory .
My son lost his father when he was young .
Nothing too dramatic in the first over .
Tell them every reason you can think of .
Within an hour five were hauled ashore .
We can take care of ourselves out there .
Your post raises an interesting point .
Neither of these is wholly reassuring .
Gover could not be reached for comment .
Bread pudding one night is oddly tough .
Other professions are disaster areas .
Shake scallops to remove excess flour .
Or at least as genuine as the law allows .
Arrest the families that assisted him .
Lovely with smoked salmon sandwiches .
Blackburn are not finished yet either .
America is becoming very puritanical .
Start with their experience and poise .
I do feel that this strike is necessary .
Today they go to sports clubs together .
Banks are consolidating in the crisis .
Oracle had allowed its offer to expire .
The sport itself has come a poor second .
He shows us a favourite item in the room .
He said the charges would be dismissed .
Surely we both deserve a second chance .
Hardly worth dusting off the black tie .
The trial will determine why she did it .
Scruggs initially denied wrongdoing .
But he added that he feared insecurity .
I think social norms have evolved a bit .
Barcelona are no longer irresistible .
Each of you has done an outstanding job .
Obama is not the cause of the shortages .
His decision will be known within days .
And if would make a lot of money doing it .
I will leave you with this study of mine .
But the words were taken out of context .
There were groans in the briefing room .
Flanagan will be sentenced next month .
The houses there are still over priced .
At least she has admitted she was wrong .
Treat them like the criminals they are .
And no one will remember a year from now .
Holiday weight gain is not inevitable .
The whole of this squad is competitive .
They are inside with their video games .
So this was a protest vote from the left .
I guess it should work both ways though .
Give generously of yourself to others .
But it was all he could think to tell her .
They only relate to concrete and glass .
The subway maze seems indecipherable .
My grandmother taught me how to make it .
Labour wanted to reduce the threshold .
The rest of the firefighters chimed in .
Consolidated financial information .
Not a bad effort on his weaker peg at all .
That is how our elected officials live .
Final results are expected this month .
But so too have our own changing habits .
There is also pressure from the courts .
There is no great secret to his success .
Obama does not sound like a uniter to me .
Most politicians are ambitious folks .
This sounds more like a old trick media .
It is not known why whales get stranded .
It does not contain a profit component .
Cameron is not a worthy prime minister .
You need to calm down and ask questions .
Be sensitive rather than domineering .
A ride in a minivan can be pretty boring .
In this section the river turns urgent .
The dead included two police officers .
Twelve months pass and little changes .
Bulking up could fend off all invaders .
The figure has doubled in a dozen years .
He also gave up his post as party leader .
Smart managers in all sports took note .
They need suitable living conditions .
The debate shows no signs of going away .
Cecil walked three and struck out four .
But there will be tribute productions .
The culture many kids are fed alarms me .
The child is now living with his father .
He will not come forward again readily .
That requires cuts to its fleet of cars .
There may be another side to this story.
Veins and arteries stiffen and narrow .
An asset bubble may already be forming .
I laughed at the smugness of the remark .
But all that was equally true last year .
No one on the bus was seriously injured .
And we all know what canyoning is about .
But he noted spare time is rare in orbit .
You are not going to change that in a day .
It was a fantastic effort from the team .
A big escape that has kept the set alive .
He is the changing face of this country .
And maybe they can heal a little faster .
The implement the woman used broke off .
Making bedside care routine is not new .
Genovese nearly fell over his new cane .
She is on medication for panic attacks .
Someone needs to stand up for analysts .
Stakes are high for the wider world too .
They really should make up their minds .
There are other obstacles to overcome .
Sport is indeed worth doing for itself .
Too many smaller storefronts are dark .
Hence two episodes dominate the story .
Time will tell but one thing is for sure .
Let a kid eat an entire package of peeps .
Ted was seriously injured in the crash .
Real estate markets were problematic .
Near the bed is a hidden door in the wall .
He will be in charge of cutting red tape .
Because he did here what he set out to do .
But there was action behind the scenes .
I fear a triumph of form over substance .
The water tank was holed by four bullet .
His legs are fundamental to his future .
Medical personnel was examining them .
The answer is that they are irrelevant .
Talks are expected to resume next week .
Prepare for a long and very dull summer .
The road is closed for investigations .
You become it because you can afford it .
I always say getting married was a ball .
A good fun way of spending an afternoon .
He was looking for two days with his son .
We are also having an effect on the seas .
It should have included that increase .
Add cayenne pepper to taste if desired .
That is the best he could have hoped for .
Truth and facts will adjust the market .
But other businessmen share his views .
Their shocks are mostly to do with form .
Every other club froze or reduced them .
I go to the symphony more than to movies .
This is politically correct claptrap .
Best of all were the unscheduled stops .
There are two different ways to make it .
The situation has since grown grimmer .
In no way did she come off sounding good .
Following these can help keep you safe .
Yet no one is doing anything about that .
Ginsburg has had two bouts with cancer .
He was totally whacked out on morphine .
Despite all the press she is a long shot .
Its mission is described there as well .
The message is not meant to discourage .
Happy parents make for happy families .
When things get rough support your own .
Obama had a decisive victory among men .
Get breaking news and daily headlines .
I wanted to travel as light as possible .
But he played down the prospect for now .
People surround the whale in the river .
Carmakers will also offer sweet deals .
Turning it into electricity is a bonus .
The agency report did not give details .
Walk up and down stairs a few times a day .
The president later expressed regret .
No charges have been filed in that case .
The other cat was hissing and growling .
Tidy the dough into a manageable round .
Attitudes toward the census are mixed .
The scents are inspired by baked goods .
He said the money could be substantial .
Six other had been charged previously .
Everton eventually made some inroads .
The contestants and audience are real .
They apparently were getting high too .
Microsoft is just an arrogant company .
That is little changed from last month .
That meant to go rob the bank on that day .
Must be a hugely slow day for reporters .
Please remove me from your post system .
Their cattle feed on the fresh grasses .
It does not cover visual surveillance .
The two did not have substantive talks .
He then received visits by close aides .
He says dropping out has not harmed him .
It was his least convincing answer yet .
However what is critical is the timing .
He wore black clothes and red trainers .
They can be deported without hearings .
Li said the creatures were meat eaters .
The sergeant was treated and released .
Both are appealing their convictions .
It is because of the old tribal hatreds .
This guy is the devil in lambs clothing .
One was found a mile from the crash site .
Now its torpor may remain undisturbed .
It has some fascinating features on it .
Climate change is the biggest concern .
At a few places they even used grenades .
This is a difficult time for our nation .
That is a substitute for hard thinking .
This week it agreed to soften the rules .
He helped me sign my first pro contract .
Finally someone is speaking the truth .
They refuse to put anything in writing .
It is being treated as suspected arson .
There were also plenty of record execs .
The stage is set for a tumultuous clash .
Coming home from war is always fraught .
The school has been placed on lock down .
The colleges have given their answers .
The board has not yet acted on that plan .
One is said to be in a serious condition .
It has also been very hard to find grain .
But opposition politicians are livid .
We have become a nation of flatlanders .
Learn what freedom of speech is please .
This year one of his camels won him a car .
Her escapades ended after a few issues .
Another woman has been refused charge .
So far the protests have been peaceful .
Expecially in killing the little girl .
It was a marathon with some highlights .
Remember that the law needs to catch up .
They did not specify when that might be .
But the pain was much worse than before .
The centre has been dogged by problems .
Bradford is having a rough time of late .
I was thinking a lot about it last night .
Richardson has time to make a decision .
I think prostitution should be leagal .
Yakubu is preparing himself to come on .
We are still fearful of tornadoes here .
He had a good career and a sense of humor .
All of his dresses had a front and a back .
And yet they seemed almost evanescent .
Fiat declined to comment on the report .
Independents have had to up their game .
That is the top line and the bottom line .
Sampson also had some fans in the crowd .
The decision was overturned on appeal .
The children deserve better than this .
The media elites really hate that idea .
The comedian takes a chance in the ring .
Try hiring a building superintendent .
It was a diagonal ball and we got caught .
A little something for every passerby .
He was noir before that concept formed .
Eliminate use of spray air fresheners .
It was a question with no simple answer .
He said the contractors are not linked .
Woodstock is finally as old as it looks .
He suffered serious injuries and died .
No charges have been filed against him .
I thought this episode was pretty good .
His trainer and bomb maker were killed .
You may very well be happier as a renter .
Our family and children are in trouble .
The statement gave no further details .
Keep your actions under tight control .
Incentives may also have had an impact .
And these people have nuclear weapons .
Richardson said there are no suspects .
He sees black men stopped and searched .
Four other firefighters were injured .
Just this week we had several examples .
Cablevision said it disliked its deal .
Into that global void enters this game .
He clearly has little faith in the tail .
Most families had similar tales of woe .
Refrigerate cake until ready to serve .
Electoral reform is a tricky business .
The honest answer is that nobody knows .
But most of them will have been aborted .
Winnebago has been making cuts to cope .
You people take things too personally .
He cut back inside and slipped another .
Police cleared her of any involvement .
They were backed by local politicians .
No one should possess nuclear weapons .
Lamp calls the allegations overblown .
The bad news is not only environmental .
Huckabee faces even bigger questions .
The report overlooks this vital point .
Opinions are split in each locker room .
The two have racked up colossal losses .
Most of us just want to love and be loved .
But there is no shortage of ammunition .
There are no easy solutions on this one .
Mix well and fill the beefsteak tomato .
The annual survey is done in two phases .
It becomes much more real than reality .
The pool of talented players is larger .
Europe has no such federal government .
It just gets noted more in the big games .
The basic premise is the same as always .
Further appeals could follow a ruling .
The game was filled with unusual plays .
Police have issued a nationwide alert .
We would set up a honeymoon travel fund .
The blast left a crater three feet deep .
Davis later overturns the suspension .
He will be deported when he is released .
You say your mother is not an alcoholic .
An itinerary and schedule is attached .
Roddick looked quite fierce and tense .
She also saw thru this evil old dirtbag .
It just will happen from the inside out .
She plans to seek a third term this year .
Keep up the great writing and opinions .
You can draw the line wherever you want .
They could be executed if found guilty .
Better download the old stuff quickly .
The cure is a video camera and a red card .
But there is a vaccine for seasonal flu .
But then a sea of people comes into view .
But not all manufacturers were upbeat .
I was in a hotel just off the main square .
Reminders of the war are never far away .
But it will not push up property prices .
They must cover both the mouth and nose .
It was a simple question of arithmetic .
But it was actually the record company .
Now it will be based on overnight stays .
Such are the vicissitudes of ninnydom .
The winning bidder was not identified .
But for completely different reasons .
Thats what is really frustrating to me .
Checketts would be the ideal solution .
I wonder what good news would look like .
We look at popular doomsday scenarios .
Sometimes our children would carpool .
This episode for me was simply too much .
I would have serious doubts about that .
The episodes involving women were his .
No one else was injured in the shooting .
Rediker devotes a chapter to the print .
Her contract is set to expire next year .
But we are spending money we do not have .
Pots and pans cluttered every counter .
It is not just a matter of tide and waves .
Uncomfortable questions are welcome .
The case has been delayed once already .
Malls work to combat rising vacancies .
Ordinary people are very angry indeed .
Repeat with the remaining ears of corn .
King penguins eat small fish and squid .
Human rights groups welcomed the move .
It reached some familiar conclusions .
Our mentors say that we will get faster .
The key then is if this sustains itself .
The first question answers the second .
Now a compromise appears to be in sight .
There are tentative signs of progress .
So keep your arguments short and sweet .
The moving train had no data recorders .
That debate should be left until later .
Already there have been some problems .
I never see that kind of thing normally .
Click here to see photos from the event .
A glass door opened onto a tiny terrace .
It is obvious to see why we have crashes .
But he conceded there would be changes .
The baby needs a couple more surgeries .
Pump prices have been rising recently .
Others will remember his clutch shots .
Stone remains a formidable filmmaker .
Few are around to notice the commotion .
These bonds are not the problem assets .
Deconstruction deconstructs itself .
We were inspired by a lot of young bands .
The old boys club want to push her aside .
Other services have similar programs .
But something kept me from walking out .
Skin colour is even harder to get right .
But protests have continued unabated .
The development plan was also updated .
The coroner later disputed that claim .
I took over his shift and his apartment .
These are real things and real choices .
Winter contingency has been declared .
There will be roadblocks at every turn .
This version reflects the present era .
The evidence that it has is still scant .
Quite daring for such a tender subject .
Adults without children also welcome .
It could have cannoned into the stumps .
There is a little too much going on here .
Or you wonder what all the fuss is about .
A tossed match would have set it ablaze .
The ritual had never been written down .
Maybe moonwalks would do better there .
Hynes denies knowing this was going on .
Ratmansky looked stunned for a moment .
He would die of cancer six months later .
The plane crashed in backyard of a home .
Janet can hold her head high once again .
But only after it had all but unmade her .
One girl wanted to train animals to act .
He memorized everything in a few hours .
They peer through the window and laugh .
And shooting down civilian airliners .
His children were baptized by this guy .
Some good may then come out of this mess .
The arm thing was wonderfully macabre .
Correlation does not imply causation .
The dog also appeared to have been shot .
National politics seems more of a draw .
But there is a still a very long way to go .
There are still original ideas around .
Building a new one is hot and dirty work .
Ferguson is nothing if not consistent .
Thirteen people are confirmed as dead .
But there were no public celebrations .
Chelsea had better watch out tomorrow .
She looked up and saw the crane tipping .
They will not happen by simply wishing .
There was equal acclaim for his family .
The likelihood is growing all the time .
The price of government debt declined .
I hope our players have the experience .
Just heat up in the oven before serving .
A witness said three of them were women .
Romer rubbed his hands to demonstrate .
It has never been done before in a human .
And no people are entirely homogenous .
There is no way to escape growing older .
He is reportedly on a militant hit list .
Enough with this bipartisan nonsense .
Very slowly they get to know each other .
Go when you would normally be at the gym .
But the electronics are only one layer .
He shed much of his staff and regrouped .
British politics always arrives late .
One day that window opened just a crack .
The mainstay of the economy is tourism .
He could have transcended everything .
Perry remains a cult item among whites .
Several states are studying the issue .
Schaffner was being held without bond .
It sent the case back to the commission .
Obama is expected to sign the bill soon .
Molina had to form a game plan on the fly .
Some applicants welcome the scrutiny .
He took a swig and handed back the flask .
It is vital to the economy of the region .
They were safely rescued by fire crews .
To be or not be right or wrong is up to him .
It goes to the equipment they are using .
Because queuing is the most boring bit .
But that still seems wishful thinking .
Cannabis does not lead to harder drugs .
People who know him speak highly of him .
Hart is also serving the same sentence .
Most pet owners ask similar questions .
I will not argue religion with anybody .
It has led to tears and recriminations .
Analysts were divided on the proposal .
This work is not just a show of altruism .
The trick took him four days to perfect .
Another time he gave her a chafing dish .
The true owner must evict him promptly .
Unlocking that cash is the tricky part .
You always think you have the best team .
This time it appears they will succeed .
I possibly could have had a career in it .
Stevens has proclaimed his innocence .
And she congratulated the automakers .
Energy and mining stocks lost heavily .
She still makes suits for the magazine .
First and easiest is simply by gravity .
That would clearly change things a bit .
The landing is scheduled for tomorrow .
Labor unions are the main culprit here .
Nobody seriously expects that to last .
The charge carries the death sentence .
It was more of a wearing down in this one .
They can complain about me all day long .
People fled in terror down an alleyway .
The cause of the blaze was not reported .
A vote is not always clear in its intent .
He also flew as an observer on a biplane .
Dana and the support staff are amazing .
And she was undisturbed by technology .
A recount failed to resolve the crisis .
He was constantly in trouble at school .
But they were not able to find anything .
He is quietly incandescent with anger .
We like to think of ourselves as modern .
There was no ceremony or announcement .
They were arrested for drugs offences .
It was a very long race around the world .
I doubt that he still feels the same way .
It thrives in the lining of the stomach .
She also said there were no airstrikes .
And the two agencies failed miserably .
They selected candidates they wanted .
Haeley would be wise to buy a metronome .
The lorry driver was shaken but unhurt .
But they are trapped in the town square .
And he too finished with three wickets .
Very different from previous intakes .
Divide vegetable mixture over toasts .
Raise the bar a little on what you print .
But the filmmakers dismiss the charge .
It was his only appearance that season .
I doubt he knows the meaning of the word .
One male victim remaining on the scene .
But they also have sales sometimes too .
I thought it was the bicycle and the bus .
But their names are inexorably linked .
There also reports of firing and arson .
This would be a good thing for athletes .
Three civilian passengers were let go .
Another nettlesome issue is abortion .
Player power has grown in recent years .
The feeler has lost the ability to feel .
She was later booked on the two charges .
And the energy sector is not far behind .
That review is now likely to be delayed .
The residents feared for their safety .
Rafsanjani is a key opposition figure .
Then there was the fire late last month .
And he seemed at peace with this choice .
And it was the murder of a federal judge .
They always seem to defy expectations .
Men and women are strictly segregated .
We all lost everything except our life .
Any new show needs time to find its feet .
Jacques turns his head away in disgust .
The baker was charged with helping him .
No conclusive proof of climate change .
The alcohol industry reacted angrily .
The gunman was killed in the firefight .
She has dropped a single sweet wrapper .
He also admitted two driving offences .
Where the government fears the people .
That has been their argument all along .
Call it a reminder of the expectations .
The federal charges are still pending .
Season and whisk together to emulsify .
Speeds may vary and are not guaranteed .
It transfers readily to the wet jacket .
Mythology speaks of scores of pralays .
The violence has grown worse by the day .
Why are you not shouting about that too .
We have had problems two or three times .
We lost a great actor and a great car guy .
It could also affect his state pension .
Even that may be too energetic for some .
A football player is a football player .
Those are the kinds of messages we hear .
The process requires heavy computing .
Members of the group were also texting .
It has all the above advantages as well .
Perhaps you feel the same frustration .
This winter the humpbacks will be safe .
Other senior figures are more nuanced .
Then he asked me when my last period was .
Even more wanted to continue part time .
At first we got away with incompetence .
No additional documents are required .
An iron bar in the face knocked him down .
Athletes snap in the heat of the moment .
Give goosebumps and dopamine instead .
The bank raised its dividend by a third .
I have none of the inhibitions of youth .
There is little secrecy over evidence .
All four challengers mostly complied .
She prefers the sexes to be segregated .
I had a couple of strokes a few years ago .
But there were problems from the start .
It is an abdication of responsibility .
Our vision of rebuilding this country .
These people would have killed anyway .
Or pick up one someone else left behind .
Silsby acknowledged that she had none .
This has been a curiously long journey .
The last ten years have all been a dream .
But support varies across the country .
Ancelotti accepted that explanation .
But the economic theme was accidental .
All this should go down well elsewhere .
Benefits include private healthcare .
Every night he used to foxtrot with her .
It legitimizes the party by doing that .
The truth lies somewhere in the middle .
His father was a plantation field hand .
I would have serious doubts about that .
Nothing to do with the scale of the task .
He said retouching is not a new concept .
People hugged and danced in the street .
When hard times will come again no more .
And it has remained that way ever since .
Please consult with your tax preparer .
I still have flashbacks to that moment .
I think that model has got to be revived .
The owners do not have similar options .
He did not care to betray his own people .
Which brings me to the rest of my answer .
He was then partially buried in a ditch .
Female plants produce no pollen at all .
It is obviously aimed at younger cooks .
Full results are expected later today .
One thing she knows how to do is perform .
The home has a full bar and wine storage .
These are not people wanting anything .
Culinary adaptation appears to be key .
The new apartments went on to sell well .
I hope you are beginning to see my point .
A private funeral service is expected .
Forceful interruptions are required .
That would be my first choice right now .
We thank them for their excellent work .
Those who gave reported being happier .
Or sometimes just something familiar .
He said one person was unaccounted for .
I never received anything personally .
That is because a novel has to seem true .
We should be mistrustful of knowledge .
Revitalization efforts are under way .
And then you have the games themselves .
It has the potential to be big business .
All of my sons have tried to get permits .
The deputy investigating is a farm boy .
It will make the investor class anemic .
It was a weekend we will not soon forget .
It was basic but effective health care .
The sniper is probably long gone by now .
This one needed to be made an example of .
Turkey is a country of great synthesis .
Take a good look at the rest of the field .
A gentle bedroom scene by candlelight .
The newspaper business is in upheaval .
The fatality averted could be your own .
The contest keeps defying precedents .
Johnson does not rule with an iron fist .
The cause of the crash is unclear so far .
He was surprised to learn it was broken .
It left very little time for questions .
The writer is a vitreoretinal surgeon .
Some refugees are even venturing home .
Labour is the favourite to win the seat .
She said she did not see him use the drug .
But there were challenges to overcome .
The diocese is appealing that verdict .
He became something of a national joke .
The school became an academy last year .
Frivolous lawsuits have to be stopped .
His age was not immediately available .
Love can mean a lot of different things .
The academic leaders are likely right .
Obama simply will fail in competition .
Financial bubbles are a way of life now .
He will never worry about where to stay .
What gives her joy is her role of mother .
The rest comes from admission charges .
She called her grandchildren for help .
But the final documents are what count .
It is simply a deviant form of business .
This was his eighth homer of the season .
Play with your fingers and then look up .
Some cafes even reopened ahead of time .
Many of their successors remain today .
The call was recorded and transcribed .
I agree that the money is a waste of time .
Buddhist monks wait to enter the court .
Or you can play it safe in the real world .
Investigators say the cause was arson .
It is not clear what led to the accident .
Conrad expressed similar sentiments .
Clara recognised some of the symptoms .
Both teams advanced to the semifinals .
You are going to have to save more money .
Their designs are chiefly on minerals .
Losses at banks are going up as a result .
The two foreign bids had no such clause .
There are various other ways to invest .
Journalists trapped with anarchists .
The scheme is split intro three phases .
Many thanks for a thoughtfull article .
But he was not alone in this conviction .
Silly games can equal serious savings .
Daley hardly understands much of this .
Interest in her story has been intense .
A centred layout is the neutral option .
The youngest patient is just a year old .
They looked so feminine and beautiful .
Sometimes numbers cast a wicked spell .
There are four or five nurses around me .
Lawyers can upload their details free .
His wingman reported two balls of fire .
I hate science fiction fantasy anyway .
Forget history being kind to this team .
I wanted to run off and burst into tears .
More so than certainly in quite a while .
The sound of water flows from speakers .
We spent a wonderful weekend together .
Cook until completely heated through .
Japan is the country that comes to mind .
The first to be exposed were ministers .
Some grants have already been awarded .
The protesters were removed by police .
What a difference a century or so makes .
Violators face up to five years in jail .
Joe was not a manufacturer of bons mots .
He says the donor will be revealed soon .
No one can remember what that felt like .
Toyota said the vehicle was not faulty .
The world around you just stands still .
But the pork chops could be out of reach .
I have worked in man areas of this field .
His approval ratings are falling fast .
Others owned convertible securities .
But someone has got to start somewhere .
He would not say what the symptoms were .
The race is expected to be competitive .
Iran insists it is making electricity .
It may also help prevent heart disease .
He is also accused of violent disorder .
They believe that as you sleep you heal .
Days passed before votes were tallied .
Wild men are so enormously attractive .
Other markets will be announced later .
There was nothing to dislike about her .
He remained silent during interviews .
They divorce less than two years later .
Doctors say his condition is critical .
This debate made me cringe throughout .
There are no free lunches in this world .
It has been systematically destroyed .
But there is something else afoot here .
The company did not hear from him again .
We got some amazing video and pictures .
Terms of the deal were never disclosed .
Have your say by making a comment below .
He has been unable to get a teaching job .
As a child she was obsessed with beauty .
The road is not usable in the on picture .
Think single leg squats and stretches .
Results are what matter to most people .
There were only two policemen waiting .
Embers latched onto them like magnets .
People run races on a splashy mud field .
He never commented on other companies .
Cash and product donations are needed .
The fate of the fourth remains unclear .
What she did is totally irresponsible .
They are pursuing a movement for peace .
And a lot of shouting and compromising .
Actual speeds vary by site conditions.
I felt really ashamed when we found out .
I like to make order and comfort at home .
The total number of complaints varied .
So this is why the defence is suffering .
But that was just part of the cosmology .
But it was also a matter of raw ambition .
But she also had the ability to dislike .
He shook up his staff during the summer .
More protests were expected tomorrow .
Both were constantly changing towels .
Expect even more luviness than normal .
But this one may not be so easy to rebuff .
There appear to be injuries to the body .
An aerial platform is also at the scene .
It tends to make us all a tad suspicious .
Lyons could not be reached for comment .
Now the country can afford it no longer .
He lent many of his maps to the festival .
Italian wine is my favourite of course .
Here are just a few who have paid a visit .
In gal land clothes are made to be put on .
Its pricing scheme seems transparent .
One firefighter suffered minor burns .
I think she always does beautiful work .
Six crews have been arrested this year .
It was also a warning of what lies ahead .
The tender will be held in three stages .
They have not even bothered ringing me .
Their phone lines were dead yesterday .
Tax increases were not part of the deal .
On occasion it has the force of thunder .
He would pressure her to sleep with him .
They are satisfyingly uncomplicated .
The will to compete was very much alive .
Kaufman laughed and feigned betrayal .
Students rarely if ever meet together .
I have a lot of thoughts on this subject .
But that is where baseball got started .
But my worry is the damage already done .
They refused to say why they were there .
Society began here and it will end here .
Nimbyism is almost a national pastime .
It can change the rule again at any time .
Then the robber squeezed off a gunshot .
We must meet extremism with a hard fist .
Some couture ateliers are innovating .
The painting was never fully finished .
Extend your walk to and from the subway .
Both teams made just seven field goals .
Freud surely would have had one answer .
Many of its senior figures are clerics .
He has been cleared of any involvement .
But the papal decree goes much further .
The flow of bad news seemed inexorable .
I thought it was results that mattered .
This shows that no car maker is perfect .
Gooch had many options on where to play .
A full half reckoned things are normal .
He was kept overnight for observation .
It was a totally footballing decision .
But he knows a big new threat is looming .
They grandstand when they come to town .
You always try to have something there .
Caroline stared into her cup of coffee .
This is supposed to be a geometry event .
Water and power in the town were cut off .
Britain is full of mystery and history .
Both teams have three games remaining .
He will also know that he has to deliver .
He had more success in the front office .
Only one account is allowed per person .
He is an advertisement for his own work .
We were a big music management company .
Yet cast your mind back just a few weeks .
And one person who could actually sing .
It is sometimes an odd position to be in .
Just stick your hand in and pull one out .
The program produced two new missiles .
Dorthy had another friend with a heart .
He will stand down at the next election .
An ace means she holds with ease to love .
But at least he recognised the problem .
Israel has been fighting since day one .
Both movements activate the same feet .
Fundraising events are also promoted .
Listen harder to calls from teammates .
Everyone was anxious about the future .
There would be many advantages to this .
The bottom billion will face a paradox .
You two are preaching to the choirboys .
Ratings may soar but revenues may drop .
He said six soldiers are still missing .
And this stretches across all classes .
A decision should be forthcoming soon .
I had a contract and a salary and a title .
Term limits bar him from running again .
Keep a light blanket handy just in case .
Four opponents shared the other votes .
The other issue with them was security .
Most everyone needs financial advice .
Make your next holiday one to remember .
He does not often have physical fights .
Reaction has been extremely positive .
Another one describes electrocution .
The exact sum will be determined later .
It cannot get any more racist than this .
To argue any other way makes you a moron .
It killed more than one hundred people .
Like she really exists and it can be you .
Our arrival had not been a pleasant one .
Gold is shiny and makes nice jewellery .
She too takes risks with her portrayal .
His sudden death has been felt by us all .
So do people who are happily unmarried .
The judge finally declared a mistrial .
They also serve whose fate is only sand .
Cameron is using the same device today .
I see several posters have answered it .
Iran events added twitter to media too .
Some people even reveled in the mayhem .
No more watching a called third strike .
Both parties are to blame for this mess .
This is one of the saddest things for me .
That is because he has become the owner .
The media were barred from the village .
Recent studies support that argument .
Global warming is misleadingly named .
But the plans have run into opposition .
Each party pointed fingers afterward .
It just makes her look small and stupid .
The heart failure is a muscle weakness .
That was the beginning of her troubles .
But so far it is not having much success .
There was to be a final twist in the tale .
These seldom adjust for pupil numbers .
Why people refuse to see it is a mystery .
Consists of her pointing and laughing .
He said the charges were later dropped .
He later attacked him with a hurley bat .
Check back for more on this break story .
It is also dangerous in countless ways .
The two corpses were then found inside .
Very much a case of what might have been .
But his shadow enemy followed him here .
Neither went public with her concerns .
She found no such contentment with men .
I love him more than words can describe .
Heat oil in frying pan and soften onion .
These socialists are such hypocrites .
Gaz has major financial difficulties .
But alligators are still his mainstay .
Two earlier trials ended in mistrials .
Passive anger is replaced with action .
Monzel presented her with a challenge .
But they have been changing their tune .
The ratings are all speculative grade .
These are not fraudsters or criminals .
Beer completed a neat catch at fine leg .
His former players had a choice to make .
The living are sleeping among the dead .
But that applies to board members only .
Designate a driver or hire a chauffeur .
Fifteen fishermen also were arrested .
He said he had stabbed him or something .
In principle it ought not to be too hard .
Cabinet ministers last little longer .
The same cannot be said of the provider .
He was hired after his first interview .
Most of competition are small players.
Nor is the danger confined to the media .
Jacksonville has one sack in two games .
What a great team and a fantastic drive .
Beckett was not available for comment .
It has been astonishingly successful .
School board members should know that .
Diversity becomes a greater priority .
I have paid for many others health care .
And the clear answer is a resounding no .
The time has come to hand out the prizes .
She had no clue that she was being set up .
The same is true with mortgage lending .
Especially in the media and the public .
Watch how quickly the lawyers descend .
Then help them prioritize their goals .
That is also the hope of the government .
And that causes problems in the studio .
Labour is more overtly accommodating .
Rebels drop demand for separate state .
But let me talk about the school system .
He had before him difficult decisions .
It was the first decline in four months .
You describe said house while it stood .
She found something new and she took it .
But the rules can be relaxed in a crisis .
Or they can chose a very different path .
Move freely in this open neckline tank .
Many people are awaiting amputations .
Seven other people suffered injuries .
Pacific time to discuss these results .
Reggae shows almost always start late .
While since we saw anything out of them .
The sides agreed to avoid arbitration .
For now they have no food and no shelter .
Some of that spending may be justified .
Four of them also face weapons charges .
The full answer is the story of his life .
Sounds like a pattern ever developing.
I took it she did not feel able to tell me .
I admire your honesty and wish you well .
The meeting was rescheduled for today .
Some analysts are already crying foul .
Staff reported ground battles as well .
At the airport it was the same old scene .
His wife is to be sentenced later today .
If it was you would be in intensive care .
This is more damaging than an asterisk .
She wants to approach newspapers soon .
Corrects paragraph two to nine points .
East took his ace and shifted to a trump .
History explains some of the problems .
The reality was more comedy than drama .
Rossy said he was ready for another try .
He has enough power to solve any issues .
Londoners will make up their own minds .
His couch is worn and sags in the middle .
It provides homes for ordinary people .
Let ordinary people buy into that plan .
No pricing information was available .
There are a lot of ways it can be paid for .
I would be surprised if that is the case .
The proportions for women are similar .
That makes you want to play for the club .
All have received hospital treatment .
People used to there for fish and a chat .
But it repeatedly eluded search teams .
We could have been doing this years ago .
Lions have to expose them at scrumtime .
The town centre is a pile of broken wood .
The benefits for the banks are twofold .
His hand did not appear to hit anything .
Not all dry cleaners are created alike .
Mounds of festering trash grow higher .
The shooting was under investigation .
He knows that he is not being counted on .
Carey says the baby is due in the spring .
He has no distinct political offering .
A court orders an end to the expulsions .
Ouellet lives in a home for the elderly .
But she remains uncertain it will work .
There could be no better time than this .
It is silly of her to talk of a duty to die .
It was just one facet of my personality .
They know we are all just sitting ducks .
Hundreds of innocent people perished .
Let the kids innovate and learn from it .
Memorials were set up at both stations .
It then struck the elderly pedestrian .
It will be especially difficult for me .
Liberalism believes people know best .
That will impose an unbearable burden .
Singles is what writes the final story .
It is tempting to borrow from yourself .
This country was founded on rebellion .
Others express disloyalty in private .
Police interviewed him once last week .
Off the living room is another terrace .
Monitor your pulse and blood pressure .
Not that he has any shortage of enemies .
There was a sweet symmetry at work here .
They were all released without charge .
I am coming at it from a different angle .
It was all very immediate and visceral .
Then they go and create opportunities .
Philadelphia excels on special teams .
Drogba has endured a difficult season .
All they can do is stand still and watch .
Why not put the blame where it should be .
And perhaps one of the most improbable .
Her argument falls at several hurdles .
I could not relate more to your article .
This is not a ride for the faint of heart .
The wheels on the bus go round and round .
He has never had a chance and never will .
Hitchcock toys with us so brilliantly .
All three institutions are being sued .
There are plenty of offbeat questions .
But such mortality is not enough for us .
Biden was also caught padding his vita .
The result is an uncommon familiarity .
Mangled fingers and shattered dreams .
That is where reusable bottles come in .
Several thousand dollars were stolen .
No dates for the events were disclosed .
Fixing the department will not be easy .
His reservation had been made by telex .
She wanted to prepare them for college .
Vanek also scored in the second period .
We had liberals screaming bloody hell .
But he has left us strong and confident .
And they see their services as crucial .
He was treated at a hospital for the cut .
Not all state employees see it that way .
It is all she has to keep her family warm .
But such disputes are beside the point .
It might be time to put that joke to rest .
And an eighth is trying to join the club .
Your sense of humour improves with age .
They know their letter carrier by name .
The application is still under review .
And what a two or three years it has been .
That was the expression he used for her .
You have to be able to prioritize tasks .
The hardest one was definitely the ice .
Tuesday on burglary and theft charges .
Click here for more softball coverage .
She wants the world to be a better place .
The shower and bath were next on my list .
Mini presents an interesting example .
Whether our diet was healthier is moot .
But it mattered just as much to his boss .
The two actresses became firm friends .
Yet the disdain was far from unanimous .
The luxury journey will take five days .
These singers were privileged indeed .
They have said that work will continue .
Instead it will gradually appreciate .
Strange things happened along the way .
I feel the same way about fried chicken .
No other nation has won more than three .
They said they were robbed at gunpoint .
They were searching for a fleck of blue .
That is what her church preaches to her .
And gossipy moms make for gossipy kids .
These changes have not gone unnoticed .
Someone really wants you to watch this .
Hope this helps clarify for some folks .
Military commanders understand that .
Some seem intent on going even further .
The unthinkable is becoming feasible .
Both defendants have been free on bail .
Click here for photos of the finalists .
Teams can use the loans for any purpose .
So here are a few tips for world leaders .
The reason is straightforward enough .
This will take months rather than days .
My first problem was locating the base .
Other failings are more glaring still .
Now there are a lot of was to fry someone .
Chalk it up to the evolution of thought .
Main parties back increased spending .
Both measures are now part of state law .
Medicare already covers hospice care .
Both she and her newborn baby survived .
The friends helped him carry items out .
How or why they messed up is irrelevant .
Operating expenses are on own vessels .
In both cases she wore a red sweatshirt .
Every fiber in my body was happy for her .
We had consumers who wanted to buy cars .
You wonder why the world is the way it is .
Such behaviour is not just outrageous .
His presidency limped to a conclusion .
She is expected to announce more dates .
Significant layoffs are not expected .
Philips received no reports of injury .
I sat there too stunned to say anything .
And the horizon is beckoning once more .
He has one month to appeal the sentence .
Now we know for certain that is the case .
How much this actually matters is moot .
Revenge is supposed to be destructive .
The programme faces acute challenges .
Wheeler opposed the new construction .
The agent technology is provided free .
That would certainly be our intention .
I have been sick for the last three days .
I liked how they recreated my projects .
Oakland had won its two previous games .
Orders have cratered in recent months .
When she came to she called for a priest .
Many public schools are still not open .
Disney needs all the muscle it can find .
Enter the age of the undersea vacation .
It will be his second guest appearance .
He bowled exceptionally well at times .
They recommend stronger enforcement .
People expected him to play the jester .
But the answer is not central planning .
The government did not reveal the text .
It will spring from three main sources .
These are the issues that are before us .
I called him and we chatted on occasion .
He survived and is in stable condition .
Even the tax assessors are in on the act .
And not all of it speculative or bitchy .
At least one new building will be added .
This will make the recession far worse .
A neo nazi racist lecturing about race .
Primates are especially complicated .
Clegg may have shot himself in the foot .
I think education is really important .
They reviled the devil in all his forms .
I told all this to the authorities here .
And he says that this is a domino theory .
He is not optimistic of an early bounce .
So put us down on that side of the ledger .
A cart whisked him to the training room .
None of these efforts have borne fruit .
Romero was surprised to shot under par .
Peel the bananas and halve lengthways .
She said she never saw him take the drug .
Those in the brain produce nerve cells .
The result is often a clash of cultures .
Skin color is perhaps the most obvious .
All the criminal charges were dropped .
A villager said he had seen two rockets .
There are no limits on the punishments .
So you really need to look at it that way .
Some other workers were still missing .
We also do projects for our own account .
Everton claiming their fifth away win .
Your blog does not appear often enough .
This campaign is going to make history .
But this may not be the end of the matter .
Others argue that it depends on the kid .
Beautiful and classy before the botox .
Taylor is in the mix at guard and center .
Glamour is the mirage of modern travel .
The bikes have baskets and kickstands .
Shull got a groundout to end the threat .
Australia is about to join the club too .
They have a lot of southern delicacies .
Scaffolding is being put up at the site .
The family had been braced for bad news .
My father was a deeply troubled person .
I am a professional attractive female .
He landed on concrete and a bed of rocks .
Credit is the lifeblood of any economy .
The quality of the game is what matters .
Never mind the stake through his heart .
That does seem an awfully long time ago .
He gave no further details of the deals .
We all got exactly what was advertized .
A deal was reached on the insurance tax .
Campbell started the final four games .
A warm hug and even a cheek kiss are fine .
That advice is effective immediately .
Spontaneous office chatter is banned .
Our leader of the opposition is a woman .
My girlfriend returned home from work .
Soured loans will still weigh on banks .
All walking and biking trails are shut .
His toes wiggle inside his white socks .
But we should expect the inexplicable .
There are still sexy murals on the wall .
Reality might not match the headlines .
So basically the enemy is the customer .
That should also boost factory output .
Maliki had called for a manual recount .
Oil prices have doubled from a year ago .
Dreams of early retirement have faded .
But many locals are opposed to the idea .
The winner of each race wins the cheese .
This place is absolutely spectacular .
I still feel shame for having done this .
There is every likelihood that it will .
No motive for the killing was reported .
France expressed similar objections .
Its rooms were to open to paying guests .
And next year he may be back on the bench .
Your body has limited stores of energy .
The location of the second was unclear .
She is back where she feels she belongs .
Soon it was time to get back on the water .
They managed to get them to a high gloss .
So do not go gentle into that good night .
This bunch seemed happy and empowered .
The prognosis on all three is positive .
He claimed the images were not obscene .
Run up against a spot of hypocrisy here .
It went on like that for pages and pages .
The latter may well explain the former .
It could have been about an art gallery .
Strong coffee a good dose of oxycontin .
They have made an extraordinary start .
I close my eyes and breathe in his smell .
I really enjoyed the whole experience .
Congratulations on quitting smoking .
He had become an irrepressible artist .
A second police officer came to assist .
But he also managed to hold onto his job .
The list of trade prohibitions is long .
Perhaps this is a way to make him do that .
And now you are to make money out of this .
That is understandable on some fronts .
He seems relaxed and is very welcoming .
Almost any mixture of feelings will do .
Maule is a major wine producing region .
He did not know of any rebel casualties .
They talk nonsensically at each other .
The terms of the deal were not released .
I always feel like my game will be there .
I have one class with all deaf students .
The equipment is called a transponder .
They made it very uncomfortable for me .
Things are bound to go better this time .
More destruction could be in the cards .
The accident ended his fencing career .
Materials are another consideration .
I counted six in braod daylight one day .
It was a perfect choice as their emblem .
Money for the project will be borrowed .
No spokesman was available to comment .
But many chafe under the restrictions .
It also expects weaker profit margins .
Sounds like another right wing whiner.
Mahathir wrote on his widely read blog .
This lady has no right to have children .
Trolls embody the opposite principle .
They will be taught there for two years .
I finally found a business with a heart.
They also assure that help is on the way .
Six other suspects also were detained .
Please be so kind and welcome them home .
The pair were released without charge .
It should act soon and it should act big .
And nobody goes looking for lost balls .
All are exempt from federal income tax .
No one has been charged in the shooting .
There is no vaccine to prevent malaria .
Democrats quickly picked up the theme .
A lack of investment is not the problem .
One ludicrous obstacle after another .
We cannot afford the monthly payments .
Cops charged her with public lewdness .
The goal was upheld after a long review .
It is also a large step into the unknown .
The defendants admitted no liability .
Their customer service is deplorable .
Her mother told her to follow her heart .
But dad was paramount in my intentions .
But that will not end talk of secession .
So sorry to hear that this has happened .
It depends on how short you want the dog .
The first was a masterpiece of brevity .
Taliaferro was also sacked four times .
Unforeseen events always intervened .
Definitely worth the calorie savings .
Starbucks had to become more ordinary .
Nor did its investor relations agency .
The first cheese will be rolled at noon .
My position changed as the week wore on .
This was his strength and his weakness .
Thailand had all three at the same time .
We are still really tight financially .
He bounced back hours later to win gold .
A recent experiment shows this nicely .
Three of its seven judges are now women .
He is coming off one of his best seasons .
The coup was wildly popular at the time .
Brooks points to the kitchen cabinets .
Pariente said no arrests had been made .
Study chaos maths and system analysis .
It is the most basic thing you have to do .
The party is haemorrhaging votes here .
His straddling act was tricky at times .
They would focus instead on the return .
A lack of clear management structures .
Some people died for what we have today .
He also serves as chairman of the board .
His attorney said he did nothing wrong .
People feel safer going out after dark .
Now would be a good time to bust through .
Her teammates and friends did the rest .
Monitor and protect your investments .
She climbs off the train and finds a car .
And their endeavours were incredible .
Everyone knew the problem all too well .
Brown would not where the card was used .
Term limits are undeniably seductive .
How about candy or a bag lunch from home .
The shape of the bottle gives this away .
Coolmore needs its clients to succeed .
This sense is even more profound today .
Sorry the panorama could not be loaded .
This is an extraordinary achievement .
Final data will be released next month .
The post has been vacant for four years .
To put it mildly this is disappointing .
This will be a battle from the baseline .
Future programmes must bear the brunt .
But her nails were bloodied and broken .
Here is an idea to save the cost of a test .
They are men of different generations .
Economic moves to restart the economy .
This brings us back to the raw politics .
It was a jamboree to beat all jamborees .
No further details have been released .
Leisure consequently became suspect .
They have not raised the issue of gifts .
They have broken up but remain friends .
Only a third can be withdrawn annually .
That was when true conservatisim died .
He was given the details of two lawyers .
We believe thousands have been killed .
We retain our negative credit opinion .
What is more to the point is the comment .
We must start making and growing again .
They face life sentences if convicted .
But this story is about something else .
We will finally begin to marry for love .
Diversity is a good thing in my opinion .
The airlines have declined to comment .
I think the size of the field is perfect .
Mourinho must have been impressed too .
Check the apple is tender with a skewer .
Two of the victims were young siblings .
Eight patients died as a direct result .
You just have to go about doing your job .
But food critics are a different breed .
But the government rejected the offer .
Everyone ends up dead or sad in this one .
And getting hotter with each question .
A bank and a hardware store have opened .
I take a couple of tentative steps down .
The two men could not be more different .
Fortescue is lucky to have got this far .
He also had been placed on limited duty .
They are experienced and have quality .
It offers freedom to explore new ideas .
There had been months of negotiations .
The whole thing quickly got out of hand .
I am attracted the lightweight factor .
But there would be more tennis success .
You hear about people in plane crashes .
Milan fashion week used to be so simple .
Its shares wavered throughout the day .
Peyton was shot as she left the vehicle .
Steering is direct and communicative .
But it does perhaps lack a little gusto .
I agree with you on some of these points .
The band reunited several years later .
Teachers want classes they can manage .
I think some of the bills differ on that .
But there was nothing much fun about it .
Some lawmakers in both camps oppose it .
The other two suspects remain at large .
No permanent successor has been named .
I regret that that is no longer the case .
Investors should not get carried away .
Medicare reforms should start sooner .
Click here to view the full submission .
It gives a really nice flow to the space .
This was the first rise in seven months .
But the numbers are only half the story .
This will be her third and last closure .
Israel has refused to endorse the plan .
The potential downside seems obvious .
But it is not demanding a veto of its own .
Staff were praised for their calmness .
The three men face conspiracy charges .
The boy was never told that he was a twin .
His campaign is starved for attention .
Homeowner holds intruder at gunpoint .
This is where it all started to go wrong .
It is genocidally ignorant and stupid .
The woman had been on one of those buses .
It is impossible to dispute this point .
The second trip around is payback time .
Thousands would flock to his recitals .
He is more even tempered than the chief .
Passengers then heard popping noises .
Prison inmates race for their freedom .
Israel is doing what it must to survive .
Tires and scrap metal will be recycled .
Prison officials confirmed the death .
He thrives when he can focus on an enemy .
No crew members were reported injured .
He was treated for a severe concussion .
It seems to me to be the right thing to do .
He should dominate in the years to come .
The two situations cannot be compared.
His wife and daughters were not at home .
Enough to know not to take it seriously .
It has all the makings of a classic race .
The reason for our amendment was clear .
His condition is apparently not known .
East produced the queen and led a spade .
Garden and parkland areas have shrunk .
And that is when the real trouble began .
Such examples scatter boxing history .
It was formerly a presidential palace .
Such gases trap heat in the atmosphere .
The ruling allows that case to proceed .
This suggests a dangerous third trend .
Others had parents they had to care for .
The damage to confidence has been done .
Especially since it is a very fine mind .
The rest of the book is full of violence .
Job sites may still be the safer option .
What a stupid exercise in frustration .
It started on the first play of the game .
He denied holding him against his will .
He will also serve small plates of food .
Dayday seems to walk along a precipice .
You are obsessing over your worst fear .
The proposals have been split into two .
Now we need to change our institutions .
He was posthumously promoted to major .
It has strong elements of common sense .
This looks an increasing possibility .
For this is not their only economic woe .
Some turn to their high school coaches .
Debt is made of dollars owed to lenders .
We know the butcher who sliced the meat .
I dropped to the ground and played dead .
Filming gets underway later this year .
She did not need to berate the employee .
Many fall into the gray area in between .
But it can feel like a major commitment .
I love his sense of calmness and colour .
Federal money for the other has run dry .
Fire crews spread foam as a precaution .
It also includes a recipe for beef stew .
They lived there with a third roommate .
The goverment was out to get him period .
But they are not advising our campaign .
Other left wingers were as despondent .
Many insects are also good at learning .
You only had to listen to the screaming .
There is a weird atmosphere in the room .
I was very fortunate in a couple of ways .
My doctor was taking it very seriously .
I wake up in fear each and every morning .
Philadelphia leads three games to one .
The punt is returned close to midfield .
He also did not even palpate my abdomen .
And they have a plan for debt reduction .
It says it has no legal power to ban them .
I have never heard him sound so pleased .
His father was killed there soon after .
The neediness of the adults is obvious .
Little of substance has been achieved .
It was the sixth vessel seized in a week .
Talks with some allies are continuing .
The first homicide has not been solved .
His wife and their two sons survive him .
He has been working as a minicab driver .
She rationalizes their mindlessness .
But we need coal because it is flexible .
All my interrogators understand this .
I think it is going to be very difficult .
She was later returned to a closed jail .
Credit the dancers with never wilting .
Keep food and beverages out of the pool .
Make sure you have the option to do this .
Is that how you all run your house holds .
And new protests are planned for today .
Now he wobbles along on an empty bubble .
Skip trying to build an igloo yourself .
They ate turkey and cheese sandwiches .
How can you say no to all that star power .
The new outbreak is a worrying setback .
Labour was being beaten on its own turf .
I sell sandwiches and sushi brown rice .
Rubin could not be reached for comment .
Borena people survive a harsh climate .
The court did not say when it would rule .
The character is deceptively complex .
Even very small amounts can be harmful .
The issue is fraught with controversy .
The date of this letter is significant .
So far every attack has bounced off her .
Let us leave that fight for another day .
A delicious intermingling of cuisine .
He said their deaths still haunted him .
Pay off your most expensive debt first .
I look forward to changing the subject .
We have referendums on very few things .
It had a good run during the last decade .
No sign of foul play or trauma was found .
There are too many crap bands out there .
We did eventually think we saw it fly by .
He believed his running days were over .
Sacramone then fell mounting the beam .
Disarmament is only part of the agenda .
No injuries have been reported to date .
The problem is not traffic congestion .
But it is unclear who has money to spend .
We have a squad which is very ambitious .
A unique diamond print showcases legs .
They can stink up the whole lockerroom .
They cling to their favorite memories .
This may be unwise if it is unnecessary .
But we should not spend too much on this .
Two officials headed for the building .
Wage arrears rose by a third last month .
He should be the one taking care of them .
Their names are not publicly revealed .
Gorillas make fresh nests every night .
Hamas officers then raided the mosque .
Millions more fled abroad as refugees .
Yet the hesitation is understandable .
You speak as though you have been there .
Both defendants say they are innocent .
Facebook has had a similar experience .
It endangers vision and dental health .
Those films indeed have a great impact .
The irony was certainly not lost on him .
One man said all he wanted was the truth .
They said a doctor made that diagnosis .
No money to spend and heaps of pressure .
Swathes of the south are inaccessible .
Only those with moral fibre need apply .
Sheffield has promised it will be ugly .
Arias has elevated performing in drag .
Dealer turns in clunker to government .
Anybody else is welcome to seek refuge .
Sonnex admitted one count of burglary .
As ours would be if the flight were late .
I have mixed emotions about your piece .
Make people feel stupid for doing this .
You can see them parked in his driveway .
Some people tried to dive out of the way .
Police have not identified the driver .
These days things have been toned down .
They destroy our crops and kill people .
She was strangled with a knotted cloth .
There is plenty of cash in the business .
He consulted closely with his friends .
Filtering occurs upstream from there .
Friends have been a source of strength .
He ranks sixth on the team in receiving .
The challenge is where to put everyone .
The whole thing could have been a setup .
They might benefit from some humility .
The recession tests our adaptability .
The polecat has never been a plutocrat .
Wilson threw back her head and laughed .
And this is why we let the seal hunt go on .
Environmental groups were not so sure .
You are just repeating talking points .
It was the start of a remarkable career .
Then sprinkle water with a steady hand .
My dentist talked me into a mouth guard .
I agree with many of the previous posts .
Then suddenly it began to attract hits .
Anwar is facing his own legal troubles .
The risk of arrest or a beating is great .
From the waiting room to the steam room .
But many others have no one to help them .
Somebody should make a speech about it .
The second experiment was more benign .
He now faces a criminal investigation .
That might be what the generals wanted .
Especially the role of the spin bowler .
Other cancers were also less frequent .
He has made plenty of mistakes and lies .
No reason for the breakup was reported .
The order named no specific officials .
Nobody won the top prize the first time .
They are expected to make an offer soon .
He seems to be afraid of opposing views .
She has a long history of drug problems .
Standing in the way will benefit no one .
Ryan was coy about how interested he is .
I never told them until the last minute .
He has been sought since the shootings .
Spelling it is a bit more of a challenge .
It is safe to eat properly handled pork .
Now let me just show you what this means .
It is a question as absurd as the answer .
The physical toll was easier to assess .
They offered no details of this theory .
So the lunatics are running the asylum .
Some people have decided to fight back .
Other economic news was more positive .
Many from both sides are over reacting .
A broken one is an expensive liability .
They are also here with serious intent .
Its members have pledged to fight back .
He is overhauling his team of advisers .
We do have a philosophical difference .
I learned a lot by watching myself back .
Planning my meals helped to save money .
An obituary will be published shortly .
This trick works internationally too .
Little appeared to be left of the plane .
It is his film and he can do what he likes .
Subprime stress still lingering then .
The bastards all laugh me off the phone .
Russia denied any role in the incident .
John was the most brilliant raconteur .
Instead their support is being frozen .
The bad bargains get all the publicity .
Again there was no prior consultation .
Taliban fighters are clearly visible .
They closed with a local title company .
Make sure you visit reputable sources .
No briefcases or file cabinets for him .
And you should measure the objectives .
I always call my friends over to help me .
Cronkite did not take his role lightly .
The couple had twins nine months later .
That has meant a shift in rent patterns .
Five more tenants are joining the suit .
Many specialists are moving offshore .
A very enjoyable and instructive work .
Not a reliability engineer certainly .
But there was nothing idyllic about it .
What they have to say cannot be ignored .
But it can be a numbers game to locate it .
The sperm came from an anonymous donor .
Thirteen children were among the dead .
He did not enter a plea or apply for bail .
Neither has started a game this season .
The logistics were just too difficult .
Taxpayer money to taxpayer mortgages .
Others makers were less professional .
The crowds have been loud and partisan .
He was in the water for just over an hour .
Her husband captained a jittery canoe .
Then the festivities begin in earnest .
He is too eager and even cutting him off .
Germany will do even worse than before .
The reserve currency will forge ahead .
The crunch came for no apparent reason .
The sense of urgency was not universal .
Twenty percent have a graduate degree .
He died of head injuries two days later .
There are also a few careless mistakes .
Lots of luscious babes for the picking .
They suspected both were with the teen .
There is some sense in this last charge .
You must be government indoctrinated .
This complaint is being investigated .
He is rigorously analytical like that .
But more were expected to come forward .
The settlement awaits court approval .
Consolidation of banks is a good thing .
The accident was under investigation .
Scatter the pickled shallots over top .
The offence carries an unlimited fine .
No one was hurt and power was never lost .
We chose shellfish almost every night .
But she says such benefits are allowed .
Wells could not be reached for comment .
That would be the biggest jump in a year .
Keep warm while you cook the spaghetti .
The search for good government goes on .
The second killed two police officers .
Next year it will probably be negative .
The dialogue is filled with profanity .
It is among the reasons why we came here .
In both cases the men had local accents .
They go out and cheat on their husbands .
The municipality looked the other way .
Being free and explorative is an order .
One soldier suffered slight injuries .
Today will however be a demanding test .
And all this is a little strange for him .
She too was suffering from depression .
But we are not open to deficit spending .
Perhaps the honeymoon is over already .
And then it began to catch and it worked .
But not in the green shoots department .
I was shot in the left forearm and wrist .
Election fever spreads to the schools .
Lets see simply what got us where we are .
Call it venture capital for good works .
Its impact on health is still not known .
His compensation will now be assessed .
The madness affected us all to a degree .
It replaced the parish welfare system .
You definitely become more sensitive .
Sanchez is more of a tambourine player .
German savers also had money locked up .
I was nursing a broken heart at the time .
The poultry industry denies the claim .
He also ran for president of the region .
Thousands of people are without power .
And independent voters respected him .
But he won only one points race all year .
Yes we have a problem with our deficits .
Metro officials say the system is safe .
Obama was elected by whites and blacks .
Im betting he thought he made a mistake .
Here are excerpts from a conversation .
An exurban bear takes a backyard break .
She is said to be excited by her new role .
They were released early this morning .
The truth is you may not need such a plan .
He says he may need more practice on ice .
Then there were the camps for children .
The attackers escaped on motorcycles .
Charter schools are not without flaws .
Kuchma always denied any involvement .
Additional tests are being conducted .
A hiker passing by called authorities .
The government denied the accusation .
He said he was a serious crime reporter .
Everybody wants to have a perfect deal .
The road remained closed at lunchtime .
Various types of seasonings are added .
Any children will be starting to whine .
Book building will start immediately .
His parents quietly studied their son .
Police said the man fled with the purse .
They did not go out looking for trouble .
Those numbers are set to grow this year .
This represents a gamble on their part .
You have given some indicative detail .
Addicts say drugs are getting cheaper .
Education and prevention are the keys .
Poseurs always get their comeuppance .
He wants to recast the energy industry .
Inova is part of a nationwide movement .
They add that the racism charge is bunk .
Certainly it is the most entertaining .
A knickknack or trinket is a tchatchke .
It makes me sad to see what is happening .
His office says he is repaying the cost .
They are an exceedingly diverse bunch .
It was never transferred into her name .
These verses are highly accomplished .
The deal does not include woven shirts .
Not enough help with personal hygiene .
It stands by the side of a busy main road .
Simard said she had no further details .
Consumer power has halted the decline .
We lived in a little paradise of our own .
This is partly deliberate stagecraft .
It is clarified for us beyond any doubt .
That could have very bad consequences .
Sarkozy is riding out some rough times .
I was out of position and out of my depth .
Time for one more over before the break .
I can only justify myself so many times .
What happened next remains in dispute .
People rely on you more than vice versa .
Florencia has three such injunctions .
The garage has space for four vehicles .
But there was some stage work to be done .
I went looking for advice from experts .
There is no comparison between the two .
Sledge has been accused of rape before .
Posh writing paper is creamy and plain .
Most will be understandably confused .
Subgroups had larger margins of error .
Delight must have frothed underneath .
The park is a fairly dispiriting place .
A handbag was later found to be missing .
But they may have fined the wrong guest .
And my mother was like rubbing his back .
I crave candy and chocolate sometimes .
People could vote on ideas by tweeting .
His report is due in the next few months .
Apple has a slice of this market as well .
Many of the same problems remain today .
You even have rights after you move out .
The top four advance to the semifinals .
Thomas said he had not seen the article .
Both prices include taxes and charges.
Overcoming this legacy will take time .
Dozens of customers then fled in panic .
Oh blame the government blah blah blah .
Helicopters hovered over the capital .
Thousands of soldiers are put on alert .
The electorate liked the sound of that .
His tour was over before it had started .
They drank wine and started to have sex .
It has been known for over five decades .
Ghosh is one of the authors of the study .
They have relatively modest salaries .
But they appear to have come to nothing .
Two months later he attacked her again .
It was his fourth shutout of the season .
Here piggy pigggy got some flue for you .
Berta played all sports in high school .
Below we reveal the secret of its charm .
And be sure to find their photo gallery .
I hope she gets every dime and then some .
Housing animals gives humans control .
Some deniers may be better than others .
Hello again from the land of sun and fun .
And there is a new political dimension .
Things were easier in the countryside .
The issue then becomes how to pay for it .
The cream of this show is the dancing an .
I have no doubt that it was intentional .
Hu had to be ordered home to fix the mess .
Islamic militants were widely blamed .
He is summoning miseries that are real .
The themes are serious as well as funny .
Your angular momentum does not change .
She was reported missing a day earlier .
He makes enemies with disturbing ease .
She was released with a formal warning .
This helps keep the atmosphere stable .
All critics have is their credibility .
Those arrested face the death penalty .
They know what the state of the union is .
Warren is pretty much always at a party .
Blaming speculators is good politics .
Last night he also started on the bench .
With it went a large part of my identity .
Other faith groups also played to type .
Housewives come out to bargain and buy .
No embassy staff members were wounded .
It does this in the guise of nonfiction .
Hume heads for the tube to beat the rush .
Perhaps we should do some experiments .
They have been evacuated from the area .
At the time she was wearing her pajamas .
Four people were injured in the attack .
But she cautions against complacency .
Donations are down in the poor economy .
But the volatility is bound to persist .
Most of the success stories were women .
We must avoid repeating such mistakes .
Three were admitted in fair condition .
These are rather like restaurant tips .
Sinopec already has an oil sands stake .
He had been in poor health for some time .
Clark says the boy has fully recovered .
The question is where it goes from here .
Community colleges are deeply unsexy .
We should learn to live with them again .
Cut the salmon into two equal portions .
Boston was ready from the first bounce .
These sounds are all human heartbeats .
That could help justify a higher price .
Until that fateful night six years ago .
Go from bitter to better by being tough .
His plan was clear when he stepped away .
The writing could be clunky in any case .
I used it for awhile with little effect .
Budgetary concerns also were a factor .
All three were brought up in the county .
And they are now being closely watched .
That being said its a sorry commentary .
It has now been pushed back four months .
No one would accuse him of holding back .
You do still have to get to these hotels .
It is not a question with an easy answer .
Kaplan said they have largely receded .
Gates has asked for a personal apology .
Your daughter is a convicted criminal .
I like to think of myself as an optimist .
It now houses students and professors .
Mitzner did not have the cause of death .
A tepid recovery is expected this year .
Here are six tips on preventing damage .
For once the heads have got it together .
They loaded the dishwasher afterward .
He has promised to join his supporters .
He says most of those killed are widows .
Use your bedroom only for sex and sleep .
I could hear the cheeky glint in his eye .
He survived the fall with broken bones .
That percentage is not about to change .
Contract standardisation is crucial .
There was a lot of deceit in the process .
It is truly humbling seeing it so close .
They have already had some tough talks .
Garbage would be collected less often .
He now lives in a state mental hospital .
They have been fighting over him since .
Gays want to be married in a civil court .
The fields were burned over with frost .
Clark has been in this position before .
Sit up just far enough to see your heels .
I mentioned your well written article .
It did not identify their nationality .
Forget about national championships .
We formed a national unity government .
Independence will change everything .
This is about making event television .
But home sales and prices sink further .
And one cannot blame lack of financing .
I asked if anybody was on hunger strike .
Now it is more akin to a bidding process .
But in a way that they never wanted to be .
There is no reason to put down this bear .
The man who created the program agreed .
These are deep existential questions .
And there are still six more hours to go .
So publication was not a first thought .
Auto execs take heat over private jets .
The sentences would run concurrently .
That would be very good for the country .
Eritrean officials are unapologetic .
The ocean is the seals natural habitat .
The whale reappeared in the afternoon .
He was driving a similar white vehicle .
But the signs are undeniably positive .
In addition our medicines cost approx .
And there was no shortage of family fun .
But there was also a lot of destruction .
Mumbai authorities apparently agree .
Not in a single day but over a few months .
No consideration for practicalities .
Brother plus romance equals bromance .
Please join us in making observations .
He looked very genuine in his approach .
We have a little rolling out to do still .
He fills political venues with people .
But he is having a laugh at my community .
I would be so grateful if you would help .
It must be all those propeller strikes .
The supporting cast is uniformly fine .
So we built a name and a good reputation .
But the monster trucks are the royalty .
But everyone appreciates a good fight .
People often do what they are paid to do .
The speed of the descent staggered him .
Roads around the area have been closed .
To grasp it he must present his own plan .
Now the state is past the warning stage .
But they do not need an ump on their side .
A file system should never loose space .
Taxing powers were limited and capped .
Two stocks fell for every one that rose .
No police were injured in the incident .
Ambulances and police are at the scene .
It had never been disassembled before .
Green and jasmine teas are also served .
The rebranding exercise has faltered .
Fire appliances are still at the scene .
The internet can be a pretty mean place .
They parted amicably after three days .
It will be distributed over four years .
But he takes no credit for his wardrobe .
That sounds harsh but is as it should be .
The global economy went into free fall .
Qatar preferred things to go smoothly .
But employers see yet another expense .
That may not make a huge difference now .
They are a team who believe in fair play .
Their music is very information dense .
No reason for the ban has been given yet .
Your focus is on checklists in surgery .
They hope to be finished in about a week .
So the recent growth was not inclusive .
He was an innately kind and warm person .
The jury was not at liberty to disagree .
But she saw little chance of it working .
Hundreds have been left disappointed .
We all have it around us at home and work .
Perhaps it is a little deeper than that .
My colleague translates the question .
Call it the cough heard round the world .
Curry needs room in the lane to operate .
They hail from the same ancestral area .
Meanwhile the road creeps ever nearer .
Much like your partisan hacking posts .
It will get worse before it gets better .
Never has a red card felt so inevitable .
But he may be willing to settle for less .
The campaign poetry is long forgotten .
Especially useful advice in this town .
It was a mediocre note to end the show on .
Schultz has always relied on instinct .
Americans must rise and unite to stand .
Ling reportedly suffers from an ulcer .
One of those things is his running mate .
There was no comment from the military .
The final questions got mixed reviews .
Dolan is also known for a sense of humor .
Both my parents were union organizers .
Mix the egg yolks with the caster sugar .
He was the heart and soul of the defense .
At first no one paid any attention to it .
No more media filters and distortions .
Tales told over and over and over again .
Dena avoided some subjects on her blog .
Rosendo takes just one tablet a day now .
He grabbed a salami and used it as a club .
And hence the attraction of high heels .
You just have to create new traditions .
Two steps forward and three steps back .
The only sound is the whirr of my spokes .
And who better to take over for him than .
It can also help improve mental health .
It just means noboby listens next time .
Some universities admitted the women .
Things have definitely gotten better .
The most difficult thing is breathing .
But a coup is not a foregone conclusion .
But it sure beats waiting in lift lines .
He declined to identify the witnesses .
Neither showed any signs of a struggle .
Always keep an eye out for new deals too .
Just for my own pleasure to please them .
The businesspeople paid their own way .
Photographers snapped more pictures .
But the road out should be shared by all .
He makes me feel unloved and worthless .
The euro remains insanely overvalued .
They claimed the house was surrounded .
I could not stop reading his statement .
Those who stayed booed a little louder .
No reason for the attack has been given .
Ted was voted out after just two dances .
The two charts show the double warning .
Financial shares led the market lower .
His closest opponent conceded defeat .
Such bases can take a long time to build .
Others told heartfelt stories of need .
Analysts expect prices to remain high .
But they did not deal in interest alone .
Some go to the training room to be taped .
To sand go tracers and ball ammunition .
Picking at food while doing the dishes .
Emotional tears shut down male desire .
Dust and contaminants must be kept out .
It followed him as close as was allowed .
There are no details yet of casualties .
It continues to churn out able workers .
Just springboards to more adventures .
More moolah for an aisle or window seat .
Hedge fund stars can make that in a year .
Many of these save at most a few minutes .
But the incentives suggest otherwise .
Other economists are more optimistic .
Atta did not provide casualty figures .
I never thought they would go that fast .
Taken his rally time card away from him .
You could call that an understatement .
But the inquiry was reopened last year .
Why is it that a self employed artist th .
Its butt serves as a machete and a spade .
It is now nipping at the heels of silver .
It leaves a lot more to the imagination .
And he had no prior brushes with the law .
The ban does not affect existing shops .
The reaction was swift and thunderous .
Analysts said the cap was unrealistic .
And nobody knows what will happen next .
Bundchen is a mother for the first time .
One orders the desired curry by number .
Tabitha also wants there to be justice .
The frogs are her particular favorite .
Brown said he understood the sentence .
She pulled off the highway just in time .
It is uneven geographically of course .
He said his group rarely plays locally .
The ugly sweater with the tags missing .
The team appealed to the federal court .
Too many day traders and block trading .
It slashed the work week at some plants .
And they set fireworks off underwater .
I think that is the critical factor now .
Crews struggled to plug four breaches .
Joshua was treated for minor injuries .
Regev did not mention numbers or dates .
All times are based on local time zones .
It was the best assignment of my career.
Emma has really good athletic ability .
The operation takes less than one hour .
It arrives folded into a small package .
Zamir could not be reached for comment .
There is a good team in there somewhere .
They have a completely distorted view .
The listings are vetted by the company .
It even softens and conditions lashes .
Wijesekara was the only minister hurt .
A fifth were classified as threatened .
We no longer make many tangible things .
So she just changed the settings for me .
It seems like you are out there playing .
State officials were not so impressed .
I want to thank all of you for being here .
The solution is complex and expensive .
He added they had yet to decide on a name .
But this is assuming you can get it down .
The old moon has never looked this good .
Black was pronounced dead at the scene .
I went out with a man for several months .
One police officer died in the assault .
Salt is literally poured on his wounds .
The study itself was straightforward .
But revenues are a poor proxy for value .
She actively opposed nuclear weapons .
My problem is with dear friends of ours .
Similar heroics may be required again .
He had to watch it all from a wheelchair .
She beat the boys in this race last year .
Most fans have only one team to support .
Many said they were stunned by the news .
It later hired him as a design engineer .
Jack was the life and soul of our family .
Her public defender declined comment .
Yet tourists love being kissed by them .
Verbatim transcripts of his routines .
But it was the freebies that seduced me .
Our politics is now on the brink as well .
A very good article that explains a lot .
She immediately turned professional .
We are benefiting from an opportunity .
Investment in foreign farms is not new .
Sometimes it was affected for the good .
The two strike up an unlikely alliance .
They will all continue with the scheme .
Palin is coming forward for something .
A fourth person was taken into custody .
His future looks particularly bright .
Continuing the war is a judgement call .
The most problematic point is the date .
The mayor and the senator had some ties .
Friday was the expected delivery date .
She appears likely to continue to do so .
And the race is now considered a tossup .
They need the money to make this happen .
I have a migraine every few months or so .
Chinese wine schools are flourishing .
One of the big things is the health care .
Capping executive pay is impractical .
A woman was also wounded by the barrage .
Ensure the fire is out before you leave .
But those trips took place decades ago .
But he failed to apply enough pressure .
This would be risky for both countries .
Everyone heaves a giant sigh of relief .
Salt panners are barely breaking even .
Other carmakers fell with the markets .
Well he brought the idea to the surface .
They want to look better than they feel .
Republicans are united in opposition .
That would keep fish from reproducing .
They could give a rats behind about you .
Others whipped out their cell cameras .
That changed as enrollment increased .
As such they must regulate themselves .
The rate will be fixed for the duration .
An appeal for witnesses is continuing .
And the fact that we have no dishwasher .
Homeless men napped on benches nearby .
The judges have yet to issue a decision .
A week or so later a new clutch appeared .
The contact did not have a happy ending .
The artwork is always going to be first .
They use the product without loving it .
The idea may be discussed this weekend .
Science fiction would be a great start .
The recession will accelerate change .
That was the last time the public saw it .
There is research to back up the theory .
Prosecutors said all three confessed .
This is something every country fears .
Turns out that is a very important step .
A little distraction can be a lot of fun .
A real hidden gem offering fine dining .
Kenya has been rationing electricity .
The film is due to be released next year .
Some of those callers will have to wait .
There is such a thing as herd mentality .
Chafee has since left his former party .
Howson angled passes in from the right .
In practice he kept the driver company .
Here is an excellent antidote to greed .
Enough of that political correctness .
The case was adjourned for sentencing .
Even the vocabulary is sadly familiar .
Our reactions were fairly consistent .
You can just imagine the conversation .
Or even to reach the championship game .
So sticky wages not so sticky after all .
My daughter has battled this for years .
This is not an unimportant side effect .
I looked at the chart that you linked to .
But this pile is already largely spent .
I want to hear more voices and opinions .
But our country is in financial crisis .
The president is doing the right thing .
The familiar rush has become her enemy .
They were then given cannabis to smoke .
He peered over the top of the newspaper .
It leads to a lot of angst for the police .
Willis faces up to five years in prison .
A president is only as good as his staff .
The pupils should choose where they go .
Driving with my parents is terrifying .
The result is utter economic disaster .
It allows the institution to be nimble .
A clear case of envy breeding contempt .
Little moments do add up to big changes .
Eight air tankers were also available .
Funeral plans have yet to be announced .
Each pool has its own colorful history .
And most of us did so by playing outside .
Other sports are feeling the pressure .
But these funds are still lent at a cost .
We cared for her and spent time with her .
The police said he would be questioned .
Butch rehabbed before his senior year .
I was resistant for a number of reasons .
I know what it means to get knocked down .
Canine diseases may be partly to blame .
Glass could feel her not looking at him .
Guess it is back to the old days and ways .
That drew loud laughter from the crowd .
There were many contributing factors .
And there have been changes to the logo .
Builders say they have no other choice .
It is to be sipped and savored by itself .
Government employment was unchanged .
Monday that they allowed he was hiking .
The issue has split local communities .
They followed her every step of the way .
The limit is two coupons per household .
The first ruled on where the border lay .
But my signature on a bill is not enough .
And we are still exploring these ideas .
Take advertising out where people are .
Model homes were completed last month .
Well it has not proved as simple as that .
Coats came off and speakers perspired .
Scientists use the analogy of a skater .
It is called research and development .
The dealer network is a brand strength .
The moves immediately paid dividends .
It reveals some troubling statistics .
Divergence zones tend to expel debris .
The timing could not be more sensitive .
A medicine is compounding the problem .
The teenager looks down and eases back .
The second act jumps to the present day .
Injuries have been part of the problem .
Male chimps tend to ignore their young .
No store will let her return used shoes .
But the deputy never entered the house .
But it has not provided neat solutions .
Each balloon gives four pounds of lift .
London on a glorious autumnal morning .
Apology offered and happily accepted .
This is a complete senseless oxymoron .
Fat chance of that happening this week .
He was a once in a lifetime entertainer .
Two dozen briefs poured into the court .
How the argument will end no one can say .
The matter has suddenly become urgent .
She used it as a retreat from court life .
I could try and explain to you what it is .
Television and its perks are fleeting .
They embraced and milked the applause .
It is no surprise that they prefer ours .
Hatton targets the body from the start .
War has always plagued his expectance .
The atmosphere was buzzy and informal .
Next election cycle they will be toast .
But finding work was anything but easy .
I can see why he was anxious to get there .
All that is left is a breach of the peace .
Neither she nor the baby girl survived .
Video availability varies by country .
After that he bowed out of the campaign .
They just crushed the other team today .
At the top are planes bringing in water .
The public also gets to see the details .
A hog was the perfect prize for this one .
Men fart all the time and women never do .
Their moods were under firmer control .
Huckabee said the flag is a state issue .
A name change is also being considered .
But neither of them was sure how to do it .
He asked that his name not be mentioned .
Boil remaining sauce for a minute or so .
They have made their greed quite clear .
A spokesman would not comment further .
We cannot be everywhere all of the time .
These two issues need to come together .
And there is no way to tell that it is her .
Criminal action also could be looming .
So we will make some important changes .
Both were defeated after the ads aired .
He is returning from shoulder surgery .
It also operates in private education .
The assailant then drove off in the van .
Fourteen percent describe it as mixed .
Instead of paying kids for good grades .
British success is in robust layering .
I have never been convinced about them .
There are no capacity controls on cash .
It would add spice to our elderly lives .
Refrigerate for a day so the jelly sets .
A kidnapper is holding a child in a barn .
He reiterated his refusal to step down .
But few saw him as a likely head of state .
Others however were not so discerning .
Nkomo felt that time was not on his side .
Markets rose early but the gains faded .
Or let them pay every penny themselves .
The skin tried to separate from my face .
Multiplayer battles are best avoided .
But the score did not stay tied for long .
Traffic on highways and roads stopped .
But this success clearly took its toll .
The causes are also varied and complex .
Health care is the trickiest of issues .
The answer to this question says it all .
Think of the stories that will come out .
Apple declined to comment on the trend .
The cost of the plant was not disclosed .
The fire is asphyxiated in the process .
His political future remains unclear .
I also meet many farmers on their farms .
Online spending remains a bright spot .
Maybe we decide by coins who fights him .
In many cases it has given good results .
Driving conditions were treacherous .
Maybe we have finally run out of voodoo .
Check that a specific charity is named .
No political coalition lasts forever .
The fraud took place over three months .
Thank you very much and have a great day .
But stability may be a long time coming .
It feels as if the brakes are releasing .
The firm has been grossly incompetent .
Full note available in the usual place .
He did not elaborate or name the friend .
Mob rule reigned even in the townships .
I began to shake the doll back and forth .
A meeting with the families of the dead .
And now this book also focuses on death .
It basically came down to the back nine .
How her insomnia makes you unbearable .
Walker would like to see that continue .
Clubs do line up successors in advance .
Not a whole lot better this time around .
A third resident explains the effects .
Belfort now writes several hours a day .
Merrill was not available for comment .
Price has already tasted that swagger .
The motive for his killing is not clear .
A show that aims high can fall very hard .
I just wanted the film to feel like that .
She declined to speculate on the cause .
Sometimes they snorted with derision .
Obama has a similar networking system .
Four steps to a better economic future .
In all nine posters have been produced .
Not even the president is above the law .
The auction house charged no premiums .
It looks as though he has some work to do .
Previous efforts had ended in failure .
Parker remains admirably consistent .
Hundreds were placed on a waiting list .
But a lot of women have won tournaments .
Stash him on your bench if you have room .
Mental illness occurs in all cultures .
She argued with her and listened to her .
And he insisted the race is tightening .
They are beginning to sound defensive .
And not just the banking institutions .
He said oil had washed down the streets .
Blakeslee lost a large amount of blood .
He said it was the only way to make peace .
Imagine a future in which music is free .
He is the lone victim police have named .
They would obviously be cut to flatter .
The right side of my face was paralyzed .
Some athletes have not been reassured .
It turned our homes into funeral tents .
Vacation time seemed a laughable idea .
Williams refused a breathalyzer test .
Government has meddled increasingly .
It was frustrating and heartbreaking .
In old animals the damage is permanent .
Then they discovered she was pregnant .
Therapists deal with that all the time .
It took him months to straighten it out .
He drew a bases loaded walk in the third .
They wondered what they had done wrong .
What was not equal was the welcome home .
He was favored heavily to win this year .
Each has dozens of windows open at once .
All property had to be bought with cash .
However this time there is no such risk .
Yet such appetites seem foreign today .
Being a football manager is fantastic .
I find that claim to be very suspicious .
Ronaldinho will give him hell tonight .
But even he is not optimistic right now .
Measles itself is not a killer disease .
Splits jokes and play exclusive games.
The counter to that argument is simple .
No more swimming in the community pool .
Militants use them to bring in weapons .
Violence has increased in recent days .
Nigeria remains a net recipient of aid .
I can be a grumpy underpants sometimes .
Survivors said it sank within minutes .
But privilege does not relieve stress .
And after six months he comes out clean .
They cannot be used as legal tender yet .
Peripherals that just plug in and work .
Changes in family life might also help .
Which is why watching her is such a hoot .
The squeeze is already on at some firms .
Attacks have not been halted entirely .
The point is to tell a really good story .
The scientist considers the question .
The news did not exactly come as a shock .
They are listed in order of appearance .
A car is needed to get around the island .
But many use it without prescriptions .
The rest of the food is pretty dreadful .
One of those was the first to be flooded .
I did not want to know about submarines .
It must have been difficult for the cop .
Make an effort instead of holding back .
I am trying to work that out in potatoes .
Austin is serious about its festivals .
The second reason is a bit more complex .
He then barricaded himself in the home .
There are also pages for the human dead .
Kilpatrick was jailed late that month .
The decoy and refueling boats stopped .
The free night is reflected in the rate .
That would cure anyone of an addiction .
Smiths made a forge to repair ironwork .
Competitions begin in the sixth grade .
Overcoming anger brings peace of mind .
But out of the blue came a streak of blue .
Insight and understanding came later .
The issue here is consumer confidence .
Just a little bit of background on this .
The same goes for women or homosexuals .
Too bad he had two other burdens in life .
A gamble but possibly a worthwhile one .
We have laws that allow us to do that now .
I laugh and see the lighter side of life .
The communal gulf is deep and enduring .
Electricity lines were also affected .
We should teach our kids to say no to sex .
Both cases are being handled together .
The wheel span and my foot hit the floor .
Which is the reaction you would expect .
He leapt in the air at the final whistle .
But this is about more than who you like .
Three were killed and another wounded .
But not everyone was shouting support .
The money will run out before they call .
You need to be positive and reassuring .
The core of the team will return intact .
There are a lot of people who think that .
You are hardly impartial or objective .
The trade has seemed obvious for years .
But there are two things to be said here .
So it would be best to just move forward .
I do not know why the seats face forward .
Nussle requested the money last month .
Three people suffered minor injuries .
Runge declined comment after the game .
In the end politics not brains wins out .
There had been speculation he was dead .
And there is clearly a double standard .
The officers are currently suspended .
My mom probably still has it somewhere .
I look forward to more of your postings .
He died of acute respiratory distress .
The meat was fatty and stringy at times .
So he turned to familiar distractions .
He has been extremely limited all week .
But he said the protests will soon fade .
They were denied individual policies .
The operation was remarkably complex .
The defense recommended a lesser fine .
You macho creeps need to be eradicated .
The inevitable sequel will be welcome .
Mendoza fled on foot and is still loose .
It would also ease train overcrowding .
The area was hit by a cold front that day .
I think a lot of our players are in shock .
They can pretty much say what they like .
And both stories have some of the truth .
Ultimately the two will come together .
That is likely to hurt overall results .
Brazil is for a long time a global power .
His real lack of experience is glaring .
The bathrooms are the same throughout .
It will also gain new borrowing powers .
The guy has tits bigger than some women .
Bitchy remarks are sharply delivered .
Turn off the heat and add remaining oil .
But there are dangerous global forces .
The picture locked up or froze at times .
Coming out has rarely looked so pretty .
It disgusted even her most ardent fans .
Suddenly his theme is no longer exotic .
But the worst threat here is invisible .
Prospects are no better in cyberspace .
Only about half of them were being used .
Honesty is often the basis of great art .
I will have to raise my level to beat him .
America needs another dose of revival .
They are intentionally doing this too .
We really had to find another solution .
Brockman added to the list of ailments .
Sport is not meant to be a perfect world .
The spectacle has been unprecedented .
You are living in a fiscal fantasy land .
One person was killed in that violence .
He had it brutally ripped away from him .
Agents need not even represent humans .
A mischievous prank by any estimation .
The orders were not strictly enforced .
They had no written proof of their deal .
Knives by other artisans are also sold .
Your room will be boisterous in no time .
Truly the lesser of two very real evils .
Cuba is much more than each of its parts .
The kitchen is stylish and monochrome .
Rey fled shortly after the indictment .
The rest is provided by the government .
Another former lawmaker awaits trial .
That is how tax dollars should be spent .
Everyone was like no what are you doing .
But he acknowledged the similarities .
That feeling still definitely exists .
But she has no affection for this place .
The present energy system is a scandal .
There has to be some good to come of that .
Sign autographs and get more photo ops .
We can only hope that he never has cause .
Honesty is the last thing anyone needs .
It makes you a more conscious consumer .
But this is literally a lethal mistake .
These are now unravelling everywhere .
The calls were backed by legal experts .
The submarine doubles as an escape pod .
If you can get through the snow to see it .
Fire scorched the lawn in the backyard .
And his folksy style is going over well .
An eruption is imminent at the volcano .
But those totals remained unofficial .
Wives and mothers are already working .
And they discriminate between people .
The funds were approved late last year .
This one really matters for the people .
She is in no shape to care for these kids .
The other men were his sons and friends .
He is in the cubs and has been on cub camp .
The fire broke out in a bin storage area .
Not guilty pleas were entered for both .
Another man was rescued from the blaze .
He allowed three hits in seven innings .
The boom of artillery shook the ground .
Now is the time for serious discussion .
Now he just turns his gripes into songs .
Lost its head of securities yesterday .
The mortgage would be in his name alone .
And college kids are quite good at this .
It was all rather rural and delightful .
But we should really turn to the market .
Only the smile needs further practice .
His family has not heard from him since .
The cause of the disaster was not known .
Little wonder if he decides to tune out .
His knee might still give him problems .
This is his way to raise euros back home .
We need to be strong against terrorism .
That also means real estate purchases .
That new life lasted no more than a week .
He has not regained feeling in his legs .
Might be a failing mass airflow sensor .
She had spent the evening with friends .
He was a known critic of the insurgents .
Carrying consumer debt is just stupid .
More than that they are not broken down .
Salmons added the last two free throws .
The two sides are at odds over strategy .
This slideshow does not contain audio .
That turned out to be fairly prophetic .
He obscures things in mist or distance .
Big business has the backing of the law .
Private depositors pulling money out .
The offense had plenty of time to score .
Even its dollar store is about to close .
It is a policy crisis of the first order .
You never know who is in the dining room .
Sometimes that can seem dated and lazy .
Merhab figures there were two reasons .
It is legal just across the county line .
The trial is expected to last six weeks .
And they would not give me enough water .
Britain and its roads are overcrowded .
You may have thought that to be obvious .
Sometimes its simply a shouting blare .
Bring your vacation into your cubicle .
The institution is now doing just that .
There will be a live webcast of the call .
Or she agrees with you but does nothing .
Only two suspects had been prosecuted .
People may have to change their habits .
Customers are not necessarily at ease .
A new report suggests the answer is yes .
They take turns keeping watch at night .
All this for a car that she cannot drive .
She was with them until she passed away .
Which is a sign we should probably quit .
It helps that the film feels authentic .
Especially so during an election year .
Treadwell is in one of those districts .
More recent performance has faltered .
They are both inspiration and caution .
I wanted finally be able to stand there .
The day at the airport was a bizarre one .
Ruby died a few years later from cancer .
A higher number means more protection .
Or the lender might simply say yes or no .
His timing was bad right to the very end .
All are charged with violent disorder .
I am not a particularly aggressive guy .
I am blessed with a good pair of sea legs .
The modest farm is run on the same basis .
They really seem to have got it in for us .
He cautioned against overcorrecting .
We have no room for facts in liberalism .
He said he realized he had been blessed .
Ignatowicz also faces being deported .
The search continued for the other two .
Most blame an escalating cycle of fear .
Gabi stood up and pushed her chair back .
This was a totally different ballgame .
There was no reason he should have been .
Raabe was injured in the same accident .
This sounds like a lame idea for a movie .
Its maternity section is a revelation .
They really do sweat nastily and smell .
Brendan lined up at his last big chance .
I am sorry for the lost of your loved one .
He should be applauded for his honesty .
Mosley could not seduce a whole nation .
Winterkorn can speak with confidence .
The other networks should take notice .
I once knew the answer to this question .
The ibuprofen will kick in soon enough .
The third passenger was badly injured .
Trudy prepared cold salads as defense .
Our country will take years to recover .
But there are some things that we can do .
Most of the looks were baggy and drapey .
This time the catering was scaled down .
So sweet to notice your new highlights .
And we know who is running the business .
Reservations are highly recommended .
Your correspondent thinks otherwise .
There is a simple explanation for this .
Hypertension was not on the itinerary .
The pace of destruction is staggering .
Rarely has my skin gleamed so glossily .
Nor did her husband insist she took his .
They can have all the fancy weapons etc.
He had four strikeouts and three walks .
Enter the name of your local officials .
It increases spending for food stamps .
My eyes were opened to what is possible .
His hands and face were covered in soot .
They want a team poised to go all the way .
Many believe the problem has gone away .
Moscow sent troops to establish order .
Bradley studiously refused to answer .
The trial was adjourned to a later date .
Legal paths are clogged or do not exist .
The result is that the price has soared .
Good manners barely let us describe it .
The plan was later thrown out by a court .
Nestle buying the stake off the family .
Once outside they surf where they like .
Yates too has had a rethink and a reboot .
But the rest of us ought to feel ashamed .
Here was a pure drop of nostalgia for me .
But an entire community bore the grief .
Being trusted by people to get it right .
We hope to have more than that next year .
There is evidence to support that hope .
He wanted to make a statement and he did .
Police are treating the case as murder .
No one has ever or will ever do it better .
Her hospital visit was precautionary .
Obama must to face the tough decisions .
Tax the coal industry out of existence .
But his more immediate goal is simpler .
This ancient game is simple and direct .
A hidden camera sounds quite exciting .
Carol loathed her and had to be avoided .
Hopefully it will be the only dampener .
This is why fox news is leading the pack .
The report did not cite provider names .
Of course she should continue to write .
He was minister of tourism before that .
She feels as if she is failing everyone .
All is revealed at the end of the season .
But the man speaks in a very intense way .
These low numbers have several causes .
He did not discuss her qualifications .
They bickered from morning till night .
So we can plump it up with these fillers .
They want a champion who is articulate .
She should never be elected president .
He said a friend had given him the trees .
One man visited them to understand why .
He was reelected to the role yesterday .
Was out of the office around lunchtime .
This is both touching and unnecessary .
The families collect a dozen eggs a day .
But there are no regrets about the past .
Those wandering years were wonderful .
Of course this was going to be a huge job .
But spectators began to stop and stare .
There are many pleasures more intense .
Some media reports put the toll higher .
I want to study medicine at university .
A food scale and calorie counting book .
And there is no sign of her slowing down .
There was no word on his next movements .
It makes their jobs a little bit harder .
A post mortem examination is under way .
That was one prediction that came true .
Annual disaster drills are conducted .
They agreed to cooperate on all of them .
There is even a car parked in the middle .
She is raped and turns to prostitution .
It is the gateway to more video and text .
Both contentions are patent nonsense .
Perhaps he is planning a second volume .
It was like suddenly going over a cliff .
And he is prone to the occasional gaffe .
And sometimes they do not change at all .
And the concern does not stop at photos .
Users complain of voice connectivity .
She was escorted to the trial by a third .
Paterson ineptly pulled his shot wide .
Imagination could have helped us here .
I once worked for a performing arts org .
The program was elegantly structured .
A formal announcement is still to come .
Another was a resurgence of inflation .
He crows in victory and sulks in defeat .
Falon cannot bear to be inside anymore .
He comes from a very supportive family .
It denigrates the evil of the original .
It has already cut shifts at the plants .
The first half was particularly nasty .
This does not mean a new war is imminent .
Small cars usually have lower margins .
I think this was one of his best debates .
No wide receiver has a touchdown catch .
There she married and changed her name .
The thwacks of golf balls being struck .
I honestly tried to watch the hearings .
The sad truth is that there were plenty .
But he denied that the army was divided .
Queens also slept in two distinct ways .
Click to view photos from the conflict .
His private life has been complicated .
Corry is the doyen of special advisers .
They are just as greedy as the big banks .
The pictures have not been made public .
But the weak dollar is having an impact .
Which is perhaps what the party wanted .
Which is usually an indicator of sorts.
I think that would be the biggest curse .
Women who are starving stop ovulating .
The ship hauls fish from boats to ports .
He agreed to only one televised debate .
And you want to check those references .
A week ago we chose our words carefully .
It all nails her role as a musician here .
Cox minimizes his own brush with death .
Or you can buy single days for much less .
Carrying it out is proving much harder .
It involves no increase in the deficit .
Critics say that violates free speech .
But that does not preclude some losses .
That could worsen the lending drought .
I am going to stay here to look after her .
Under the circs they did the best thing .
Those moving out will look for new jobs .
He is now in the care of social services .
Selected responses will be published .
Eight dangerous dogs were also seized .
Many fear genetically modified crops .
Thanks for whatever light you can shed .
My database search yielded a surprise .
Woz remains as supremely goofy as ever .
They do things differently over there .
And most of the options are under water .
I wonder about the point of the article .
They are disappointed in their heroes .
Many are caused by viruses or bacteria .
No date has been set for the referendum .
But even they harbor some ambivalence .
The backstage had a makeshift quality .
This just brings it back closer to even .
The future holds little hope of relief .
The suitcase was in an irrigation pond .
What they show includes the following.
This is precisely what it was set up for .
But control of the church has narrowed .
For a minute it looks like it has worked .
But it broke the ice and we began to film .
He comes out on top with bigger margins .
But the hostilities date back further .
Numbers so far present a mixed picture .
Telecom shares were the top decliners .
Hopefully we can do something about it .
Further details will be released soon .
But the lifesaving geometry has a cost .
You never know what they are going to do .
They found most of the studies lacking .
He was struck several times in the head .
Many are buildings of public assembly .
There have been widespread powercuts .
Coastguards later recovered his body .
The broader indicators also declined .
These statements are subject to risks .
We may have differing opinions on that .
I wish you could see the twins right now .
Foreclosure should be the last resort .
The spokesman gave no further details .
But some things do help prevent deaths .
A car battery was stolen from a vehicle .
She knew her outfit lacked innovation .
Some of those fears have materialized .
I get so frustrated and so fed up with it .
She should have been smarter than that .
Tributes flooded in for the conductor .
We will stand confidently for liberty .
I already knew the man was a good orator .
Pedestrians are particularly at risk .
Phones were ringing all over the place .
Shipley died later at an area hospital .
Planes were stuck on runways for hours .
They are trying to find out the reality .
International trade figures come out .
People are always weirded out at first .
She knew their needs better than we did .
Sometimes a wound needs airing to heal .
He felt he had something to contribute .
By all means make a donation to charity .
Some of you have taken that as an insult .
But the overall timetable is slipping .
In this country we live in a dream world .
We need decades of stable development .
The move will surprise some observers .
The burial is expected later this year .
Brooks defended the timing of the vote .
Her dead body was absolutely stunning .
One child is missing and presumed dead .
I really would like to prove them wrong .
Less expensive hats are also an option .
Hastings was never convicted in court .
I kind of broke away from that last year .
One of them is the brown recluse spider .
It was a deeply depressing experience .
He called his passengers to attention .
Macquarie was cautious on the outlook .
Gardner was handed a measure of wealth .
That was taken out of context yet again .
More encouraging was playing healthy .
There are innumerable other examples .
Four were convicted or pleaded guilty .
Take a relaxed breath and exhale fully .
How things have changed in nine months .
He was asked what he thought of the show .
Young children are at particular risk .
He treated him like he was one of his own .
A third man may also have been involved .
Others say that policing can backfire .
The two drivers were among the injured .
Bowles was cautious in his assessment .
Things became even worse for the trout .
The ruling amounted to a rare reprieve .
But the fundamentals have not changed .
Bond yields move opposite their price .
He was great with the kids and loved her .
And it only cost the entrepreneur a jet .
The answer of course is absolutely not .
But the list of buyers would not be long .
Things are getting better all the time .
He choked up as he talked after the game .
They need to man up and get back in there .
It took the second new ball to part them .
They both thought it was a waste of time .
There are practical obstacles to a tax .
The droppings were quickly cleaned up .
But the bonus should obviate that need .
He said he would join such legal action .
I have heard no different information .
Those entities have gotton out of hand .
My final word of advice is not to give up .
This seems to be happening a lot lately .
One approach is to add nifty packaging .
Google is not charging for the service .
Please give him a big round of applause .
Gotta watch out for the spelling nazis .
The cries of the dolphins are pathetic .
He is not ambiguous about his position .
Several key supporters were arrested .
He said he was happy to report that it is .
Nablus could be a risky starting point .
Those projects were already under way .
Someone will be sweating this weekend .
The rumor mill is working in overdrive .
Something is not right with this story .
I saw an episode about food and romance .
He said they were burning into his eyes .
The couple files separate tax returns .
Roll on the sale and a chance to rebuild .
Season with pinches of salt and pepper .
After a short time the woman walked off .
But there is not really an alternative .
They wanted to register a protest vote .
Toppings and smoothies are available .
Noguchi and his wife have two children .
The two photographers became friends .
A building was burned for this episode .
It looks empty but strangely inviting .
You are now officially on troll status .
And awfully close to the next election .
Both are now recovering in their homes .
This is the first step to legalization .
The hype has really won over substance .
This much has been known for a long time .
But the problems we face are homegrown .
Both men were retried and found guilty .
Then the government came to his rescue .
The banking system has been cleaned up .
Hotels are betting on the coming surge .
They were shooting this time last year .
Not a concentration failure on my side .
He spent time in prison for tax evasion .
Commercial activity continued to sag .
Some finance experts share their view .
Get it right you fascists republicans .
Workers with jobs saw scant wage gains .
Governance has always been difficult .
A balanced energy policy should apply .
This is of more than academic interest .
But the newer scans are controversial .
Many women also held senior positions .
He never lobbied for more playing time .
People need to think before they judge .
No wonder they look like great leaders .
The aroma and presentation matter too .
A relaxing night in is reading a script .
This is a good day to fix it permanently .
Experts fear such numbers are growing .
Britain took two years to sort this out .
A diva who is playing for her own future .
But each year the calendar brings it up .
Scotland have suffered three defeats .
As word spread so did the congregation .
His column will resume when he returns .
It was built once and has a shelf life of .
They could not have come at a worse time .
The victims were mostly elderly women .
False advertising is clearly illegal .
Prosser and his followers were hanged .
They were in no mood to finance another .
Museums relegated them to warehouses .
This is the first in a series of stories .
Her plan is to recruit and train an army .
It was unclear who was the beneficiary .
The crowd buzzed with new information .
Enforce them and the problem is solved .
Bloggers take on the mainstream media .
He should not joke about serious crime .
Extradition proceedings are pending .
This is another argument for a lectern .
The economy is the top issue for voters .
He was pronounced dead at the hospital .
There are two ways to fall out of a plane .
Her body was found a year later in a park .
He said they would appeal the sentence .
With blog popularity comes criticism .
A second driver has yet to be announced .
There are going to be peaks and valleys .
It tended to be either coal or electric .
This does not include day care centres .
Bottoms looked back down into the pile .
The retailers have not yet been chosen .
She is a great vocal artist and a beauty .
It has been a task of gentle persuasion .
The guys are just thinking about money .
Many think this much too conservative .
Come with us on a trip back through time .
These folks should be very happy there .
The one on the floor is definitely a fly .
The two villages nearby are abandoned .
He pleaded no contest to all the counts .
One man was indicted in both countries .
He puts it on show in his enormous space .
Tell us where you were when it happened .
That puts a premium on fuel efficiency .
They dispersed when soldiers arrived .
The same is true of most other measures .
We need cooperation from governments .
You ask a question that implies a given .
Ruching and gathers can enhance a bust .
She has also held down public spending .
Stay away and warn others to do the same .
Workers mopped up water from the floor .
His children were baptized by this man .
I want to see the site where it happened .
Bits of it are being sold off piecemeal .
Me thinks he knows he has the goods here .
Planting includes thyme and lavender .
The industry is furious about the levy .
He made detailed plans for his funeral .
Your clan is living in a dangerous area .
That is a boon for sending information .
But he dismissed meddling from abroad .
Nobody here was really expecting this .
Several vulnerabilities are notable .
The camera did not track his movements .
Along with it will go the nomenclature .
But not everyone saw only the downside .
They were already busy ordering for me .
The assumption of privacy is a mistake .
Portis fumbles on the next possession .
The fireworks that year may come early .
She was only metres from the explosion .
Lietz was not alone with her diagnosis .
Brewer said the boy was back in custody .
It is hard to know how realistic this is .
Maybe fans were still stuck in traffic .
Sleep deprivation may also be a factor .
Shame women have to live in fear of rape .
Each of the defendants deny the charge .
It is a hallmark of his governing style .
I am not pretending everything is rosy .
Firefighters quickly put the fire out .
Find your conscience and hold it close .
Thai police said the hunt for him was on .
Harvey had earlier pleaded not guilty .
Wonder is no stranger to the president .
They then ran back towards the station .
But you guys take the brunt of the stick .
Endeavour will almost surely do so too .
I will be donating this holiday season .
She was also left shocked by the attack .
He got back billions for his taxpayers .
Nothing compared to the overcrowding .
Two indicated solid evidence of guilt .
The actor has denied being at the wheel .
Crude oil is bought and sold in dollars .
The third time is supposed to be a charm .
He had no idea when that would have been .
But that could be easier said than done .
She also forgot to vote much of the time .
Jester is to appear in court next month .
For her fame has been a long time coming .
Bleriot was not the sole early aviator .
Then she heard metal scraping on metal .
Help came through an unexpected route .
Online there was no attempt to deceive .
I love watching foreign news channels .
We clamber back out to catch our breath .
She was a star hounded by the paparazzi .
Thank you for anything you may suggest .
There was no sign of the enemy down here .
Control is through voice recognition .
But know that you have an uphill battle .
Four people were arrested at the scene .
Textron has taken its lumps in finance .
And here he kept us in sight by bouncing .
That would cut prices across the board .
She raised three wonderful daughters .
Feinstein said she will work from home .
We will have to wait and see what it does .
It depends on the policy and the reason .
You are truly a disgusting individual .
In medium bowl beat cream until frothy .
Many parts of government are involved .
They never reached their destination .
But the motivation is also commercial .
There will now be only seven such seats .
The officer faces two charges of theft .
Only a restraining order will save her .
It was his range and the stadium knew it .
The results so far have been uncertain .
You have such an extensive vocabulary .
And some of these gifts are hard to wrap .
He knew he could do that for only so long .
He signed up to get his credit repaired .
Officials were questioning a suspect .
That is the true patriotism of a nation .
No need for dramatics this time around .
He did not give details of the injuries .
Financial details were not disclosed .
United have to face a derby match still .
So did two members of the umpiring crew .
The landlord is not the only issue here .
Which brings us to the worst news of all .
Obama is taking the opposite approach .
Her destination is not so picturesque .
I hope they get plenty of time together .
What has happened is breaking my heart .
The trial is expected to last two weeks .
There would be so many questions to ask .
Yet these tools may not be so effective .
Soon begins its time in the wilderness .
Just to add another football metaphor .
The remaining whales died on the beach .
Some couples have known that all along .
Then she does a detailed physical exam .
Mandelson opens the press conference .
Two years in jail for shooting himself .
He has not been cleared to play in a game .
Perhaps especially from his own party .
One is a taming of supernatural terror .
The search has also found three bodies .
The material bits are stunning enough .
The property is gated and very private .
Five players knocked in one run apiece .
But we also need a new set of priorities .
It opens to the public in the afternoon .
It was a historic day for other reasons .
Consider that collective butt kissed .
This is a game that defies description .
You can make your unhappy life happier .
It will instantly be a lifeline for her .
I start to get evangelical about sleep .
This powerlessness is a fear in itself .
Henry left the campaign not long after .
But not all of the bands were homegrown .
There are three types of surveillance .
Take the issue of government deficits .
Pelfrey also contributed at the plate .
The clues may have been there all along .
The tiny ponies paw the concrete floor .
This time seated at a back table inside .
The temperature goes up with a mistake .
But they realized something was amiss .
It is impossible for them to do it alone .
It is believed nobody has been injured .
Cactus spines are also sometimes used .
There is the fierce battle for victory .
He then parachuted out of his airplane .
The idea is to help the body cure itself .
Because it makes frank debate so tough .
Yet it is also their greatest weakness .
We all need to live to a higher standard .
I was lacking the very little last step .
It revolves so as always to face the sun .
Surgeons also inserted a feeding tube .
The house has passed a health care bill .
I guess in this case there was no choice .
The answer to bad speech is more speech .
People just want to be taken seriously .
He was talking about his performances .
Hay was cleared of breaching the peace .
They nearly poke you in the eye at times .
They said it was an issue with language .
Madoff insists he did it all by himself .
They liked their chemistry on game day .
But this is not how it was supposed to be .
The attacks attested to the vox populi .
This is the recommendation of history .
This is something she must think about .
They liberated them and they came here .
A full report will be coming in a moment .
Sunday school could be a second option .
She said she cried in his car afterward .
Visitors are checked when they arrive .
Both were convicted of simple assault .
This was an extremely serious offence .
But there were a few too many turnovers .
Those young women never seem very busy .
It would be a corporate death sentence .
They are caused by a variety of factors .
Spend some of that money on the workers .
Business is cram packed with nonsense .
Now life without him is extremely hard .
She was pronounced dead later that day .
His accounts leave no doubt about that .
For that he deserves serious applause .
Making the best of the existing system .
Yet things may look worse than they are .
He admitted the heat had taken its toll .
It is the art of making things possible .
Pray for us as we pray for those sinners .
It depends on how the votes are counted .
Their quality of life can be destroyed .
Neighborhood kids climbed on top of it .
The gold price is now tied to the dollar .
That is going to make it easier for them .
You cannot win a war on half horse power .
Steve showed me how to put the horn toge .
Think hard and try to remember the date .
He switched to a pellet stove last year .
Fossils usually come embedded in rock .
The bank tried to survive by shrinking .
They should challenge every line of it .
He was eight and pretty good for his age .
One misses such correspondences here .
It too identified a number of failings .
Perhaps he is an employee from long ago .
But the bank itself has been kept going .
Reminders of the past were everywhere .
I want to find the human inside me again .
My clients say they love seeing my kids .
It is also my privilege and my pleasure .
Critics lined up to condemn the result .
Two economists had expected a rate cut .
Moore was pronounced dead at the scene .
Your answer will greatly appreciated .
That would be much more helpful for her .
Kadima activists say they are stunned .
It is like a jazz riff on a familiar tune .
The ceremony fell on the day of his wake .
But theirs is a dump compared with ours .
The final is at home and we want to win it .
Buy the hay in a pet shop if you have none .
This is not being racist or unpleasant .
Friends will miss his healthy glow and .
I get charged for calls to my cell phone .
Two weeks later we were into our stride .
Police did find a bloody pair of shorts .
The early returns have been promising .
And the flat is incredibly convenient .
Guo remains unbothered by the episode .
But many questions remain unanswered .
Africa just has a special feeling to it .
He told the kids their mom had left them .
But to be expelled for it is outrageous .
Preference for boys is another factor .
That will be a real test of sovereignty .
Which currently simply is not the case .
They are the ones getting the billions .
She was taken by ambulance to hospital .
The deal will be completed this summer .
The drug did not help the valve problem .
I have enjoyed all your contributions .
But there are exceptions to every rule .
And the next generation has come along .
The case was later settled out of court .
The judge adjourned the case for a week .
But consequences there will always be .
This could have been an awkward moment .
He later disclosed other flirtations .
She knows that she should be full of joy .
The statistics back up his contention .
His agent immediately proposed a tour .
Obama kindergarden idea is a great one .
Banks routinely carve out duff assets .
Politics is starting to repeat itself .
I wanted to go on these wild adventures .
Just in time to ground the entire fleet .
He took a gulp and somehow it braced him .
Barbie has always reflected the times .
Terrible idea should loose them money .
I have never had a prince in here before .
Iran claims it is not building a weapon .
He assumed he had twisted it on the hike .
But both scenarios have caused deaths .
Walking is a potentially artistic act .
It was pretty interesting to hear this .
I want us to live up to her expectations .
Friends drove them where they had to go .
Lionel was destroyed in the explosion .
Culturechang is right in the comments .
They should have gone for single payer .
And there are prayers for teachers too .
They have not been charged with crimes .
Female pilots are clearly preferable .
This is much bigger than a parlor trick .
You can see why cars are made elsewhere .
Hybrids are even more difficult to buy .
They might look fabulous in a magazine .
I hopped into the front seat next to him .
The idea has broad bipartisan support .
Stalemate was inevitable thereafter .
I thought that makes pretty good sense .
Zahir could not be reached for comment .
The shorts would come from two sources .
Statistics prove the opposite is true .
Immediately her flow of blood dried up .
Four prison guards were taken hostage .
The newspapers cited unnamed sources .
Other data can also be found on the page .
The damage had already been inflicted .
Bekoff said taunting is common at zoos .
Handshakes and hearty words all round .
Certain people are going to be unhappy .
It might be willing to enact such a rule .
But it is no longer immune to hard times .
He said he would appeal the conviction .
He and his office manager are arrested .
His critics were not overly impressed .
I also recommend ponytails to clients .
Full coverage of the new awards season .
Yet other areas showed some increases .
Thousands were killed in the conflict .
I have not even described the evidence .
Best wish from one gun owner to another .
And to offer you this profound apology .
Russell suffered only minor injuries .
His lawyers had asked for an acquittal .
Baseball and golf replace basketball .
We hear of attempts to seek a consensus .
We invite you to add turkeys of your own .
And the deadline pressure is mounting .
He has yet to receive an execution date .
A lot of those plans have been scuttled .
Both men said it was time for a new start .
Palin is entitled to resign the office .
Your safety and enjoyment depend on it .
And sometimes three or four times a day .
Dinner was around midnight that night .
But he is not sure he will be good enough .
This secondary list would be scrapped .
Diesel vehicles have an image problem .
The vest contains pockets of ice water .
Halliburton had no immediate comment .
This couple is basically middle class .
Her advice then still guides him today .
But he has been far from directionless .
There is not a gap year student in sight .
And you see it on both sides of the aisle .
As so many first halves are this season .
Options are hardly thick on the ground .
Today it looks relatively prosperous .
He helped rescue her from storm debris .
But it did raise some important points .
Business people fret about recession .
He allowed one hit and struck out three .
Kandahar is a hotbed of the insurgency .
Then came an interesting development .
The most important thing at the moment .
You probably want to join the party now .
Art for tacky old blue haiis with too mu .
The battle has to be taken to all voters .
There is a lot of money involved in that .
The tanker was loaded with diesel fuel .
It seems you should ask the recruiters .
I was also just the tiniest bit jealous .
And it might not even cost you anything .
The designers have chosen their sides .
Madha could not even get past the title .
But now they are reported to be divided .
There are seven collaborators listed .
I waited on buying because of that burn .
Here are just a few to whet the appetite .
He went on the attack over student debt .
This year however cash is really tight .
Christina and five others were killed .
That relationship was my lowest point .
I did this with low carbohydrate diets .
All my basic skills went out the window .
Garbage collectors donned face masks .
Then a mob armed with machetes arrived .
Designers obsessed over every detail .
They need to be economically involved .
Never accept requests from strangers .
The asking price is not the sales price .
They all said they were happy to be free .
Then the next day he would tell me again .
Who is authorized to work and who is not .
It was the customer who set the machine .
He will join the group executive board .
Holley strikes a pose by her front door .
He was made a life member of their union .
This is jargon being used to obfuscate .
The captain tried to take the high road .
Prick each sponge with a fork six times .
It was my first day out within the trust .
I have mixed feelings about all of this .
One teen pointed the barrel at his head .
It said it planned an internal inquiry .
He has cursed them from that day to this .
That is a difficult question to answer .
Many of them are married for many years .
But it was manufactured kind of enmity .
Amazon will just have to live with that .
He was physically and sexually abused .
One was occasionally slammed to a wall .
Regardless of the terms of their birth .
But it certainly cannot be the end of it .
There is electricity from generators .
All taken at only the recommended dose .
The session continued in the darkness .
The tactic is what we should be against .
The bill contains precious few of them .
This film had a rough ride to the screen .
So rare a talent must not be squandered .
This is when someone diagnoses rabies .
Obama obviously has something to hide .
I love the construction of an argument .
And his business is the business of law .
Madonna needs to want to work with them .
Such an outcome would have been unfair .
The scientific answer is problematic .
Actual speeds vary by site conditions.
But we have to stay focussed on the goal .
Clarke reportedly told him to go to bed .
You see it there and you have no concept .
And then there are the broken promises .
You can also create multiple accounts .
These images were burnt into my memory .
Some shelter is better than no shelter .
You are nothing but a stupid cockroach .
It wasnt only that she danced on a strip .
It was a fairly big feature early today .
They declined to speak with reporters .
Investors were understandably angry .
But she also became a war photographer .
Thank you for being a part of my journey .
I have been waiting to go back to school .
You feel valuable as part of your squad .
Police reported no unusual incidents .
Tehran has lodged similar complaints .
You have no such collateral if you rent .
Lopez had made six relief appearances .
We retired to a cocktail bar for an hour .
Bizimana did spend seven years in jail .
We could end the deficit in record time .
The west side belongs to the militants .
His entire belief system is shattered .
One plan is to raise the retirement age .
We caught up with them to see what they t .
The depth of the hole is also important .
But his political ambition is showing .
They changed the elite from the inside .
Not least because of a recent incident .
The case is expected to last five weeks .
But two factors would suggest caution .
White boys and black girls fit into one .
Dorothy asked her husband in the store .
Baghdad wants to approve all oil deals .
Journey times were extended by an hour .
To give a red card you have to be certain .
This clueless oaf is on another planet .
But then appearances can be deceptive .
Such is the dark side of globalisation .
Scarlett is retiring after five years .
She told police she suffocated the boy .
At least one has been overturned so far .
Abrams hanged himself while on remand .
His case was as much moral as aesthetic .
All are scrambling to meet the targets .
Every fluffed forehand can be crucial .
A lot of them have not been part of a team .
Patchy exception that proves the rule .
The company has denied any wrongdoing .
Thanks for the opportunity to respond .
He fixed the elephant with a stern gaze .
Oh they can spew out the words all right .
Under the republican administration .
We were not like this even ten years ago .
Henry himself emerged to echo the call .
There were some things to thank him for .
Two things immediately occurred to me .
The two together are a formidable bloc .
We have cleared the political horizon .
Economics offers little guide to that .
Moon was remanded in back into custody .
Exercise is all about moving your body .
Shake and strain into a hollow coconut .
It was the longest streak in the majors .
Volatility has come back to the market .
Most pay deals are linked to inflation .
The bill is a long way from becoming law .
But you should also be true to yourself .
He said he heard a sound like two clicks .
Neighbours drop in to admire the bride .
Neither of them asked me to do anything .
It happened at a barbecue with friends .
That is why we are not interchangeable .
But such a turnaround could take years .
Such is the transitory nature of sport .
Rich and savory but a bit out of balance .
Trials are expected to begin next year .
Thomas can only hope that remains true .
The story is the same for border states .
Buy yourself a gift that you will enjoy .
Sushi is always a good fast food option .
It appears those fears were misplaced .
It enhanced it in so many exciting ways .
His wedding was a couple of months away .
Boston was missing its two big hitters .
He seemed aware of the stakes involved .
But it appears to be industry practice .
Staying in touch has never been easier .
It is deeply in our interest to succeed .
Jones borrows tones from these movies .
He represents the past dirty politics .
Portable basketball hoops are common .
They also told bloggers the same thing .
Ideas and concepts are not due respect .
We flipped over until a wall stopped us .
The sewer grates identify first downs .
And that implies only one end to the war .
I love a bit of banter and need a man who c .
Wednesday for a spot in the semifinals .
And we ought to recognize why that is so .
Borrowing money is a fallacy dont do it .
You may be a bit edgy and argumentative .
I am responsible for feeding my family .
Garon always knew that he had a calling .
They will be sentenced later this year .
He is dividing this country on purpose .
Check local listings for more details .
The change is no small accomplishment .
Johnston wanted to talk to his parents .
Net interest margin has been restated .
Her group has plans to extend its study .
It was not known what he did for the city .
Williams has yet to receive an apology .
Some do not exploit them to the maximum .
You can move faster and still be behind .
The productions will run in repertory .
Additional casting will be announced .
He and his supporters reject that view .
Some people are simply extraordinary .
She reached down and grabbed her purse .
Watchmaking requires skilled labour .
The boys are charged with gang assault .
The plenary session had gone very well .
The newspaper did not name the sources .
The abacus into the notebook computer .
Diabetes and cancer rates are down too .
And then the whales did get interested .
Pandas are the pubic lice of the forest .
This is a food blog not one for politics .
Owen will not be bounced into anything .
Literal translations are impossible .
Some of the passengers were much older .
I was going through quite a funky stage .
You will need a password to see the film .
That set up a midnight strike deadline .
This sugar high looks set to run and run .
The death is being treated as a suicide .
Some programs are simpler than others .
Security will be tight at the memorial .
Chelsea starting to take control more .
The noncompliance rates are very high .
I feel they are trying to close our eyes .
The original had called him a comedian .
But the elephants got what they wanted .
In a prime minister it is very alarming .
The cultural change would be dramatic .
Just remember to take spare batteries .
Nothing about her role in that process .
Some people are exempt from the new law .
Six of those being held are foreigners .
Then came the order to unload the train .
They spend money like a drunken sailor .
People are much more complex than that .
How much do you want for your newspaper .
The meeting itself is an unusual event .
All museums are purveyors of ideology .
She fainted and then called back twice .
The big ones have no natural predators .
That was the worst attack in the period .
They spoke only to confirm their names .
My friends never let me forget that day .
But his inconsistency is frightening .
The garden soon took on a life of its own .
The sentences will run consecutively .
All travel is subject to availability .
More foreign tours are on his schedule .
You walk out the door and it is what it is .
Some were simply held in the vile cells .
I am so sick of the partisan hypberbole .
To some degree this is a matter of tempo .
Other types of scans were not affected .
Nor is the deal so great for the sellers .
It is a crime where no proof is required .
She declined to offer evidence of that .
And that is exactly what it is there for .
He did not rise to the urgency of events .
A link to military brawn is no accident .
I hvae turned it off or switch channels .
Police do not know if he has an attorney .
There is no doubt that we can win any war .
But the coach is always the man to blame .
Bachelet had made similar assertions .
Or perhaps they are all the same person .
Says a lot about them and none of it good .
He then turned to exploring the planet .
But bigness itself was not the problem .
Both were late scratches to the lineup .
This was not confirmed in the document .
I agree that child abuse is detestable .
We both really want our team to succeed .
He has two votes of confidence already .
He is in critical but stable condition .
The improbability is open to argument .
He appealed to the jurors to be patient .
He should have called for an ambulance .
Phillips was chased down and arrested .
He said he was getting regular updates .
Wipes out the debt pretty smartish tho .
Fifty percent said they do not approve .
The issue of pilots is also up in the air .
Magna could not be reached for comment .
Who will attend them is another matter .
It definitely needs to be hot and sunny .
These hardly seem like personal whims .
Here doctors were able to save his hand .
They took this money and they made bets .
Wenger will wonder what all this means .
My preference is a repayment mortgage .
He has had feelers out for quite a while .
Today few specialist dealers survive .
I like being in rooms filled with books .
This is just another back door bail out .
Witnesses said at least one was a woman .
You are the poster child for stupidity .
But there are risks whatever we decide .
Many quickly skip over the city itself .
Some are also trying to raise families .
Some will surely face deep recessions .
But others have been far less admiring .
Send us your stories and your pictures .
Ministers rarely stay in post for long .
All were the next big social thing once .
They said she lived life to the fullest .
This discussion is quite interesting .
Now the memento is sagging and tangled .
The date of the recording was not given .
The poor thing was probably terrified .
The industry itself is taking the lead .
But the bags are doubly environmental .
I myself have been subjected to racism .
These are also available as key chains .
Flooding the recycled air of the plane .
He was tempted and invested a small sum .
Houses were damaged almost a mile away .
It did not incur the same cost last year .
I think the process got played big time .
Every little bit can make a difference .
We had been close for well over a decade .
Small business is absolutely screwed .
But the measure may not even be debated .
He died in hospital later that evening .
I swallowed my pint fast and walked out .
Another five are shut for maintenance .
The result is an average cost per share .
Generally this begins with paperwork .
Timelines put pressure on the parties .
She has been left permanently scarred .
The military is already overextended .
The killing has continued regardless .
Until then dogs were bred for a purpose .
Japan had three gymnasts in the top six .
Has been an underdog most of his career .
I like all the subjects except for math .
Will try to get to those in future posts .
Saturday morning dawned sunny and hot .
Guests are requested not to skinny dip .
Senators are to follow later this week .
Jal is probably the best known of these .
Or perhaps you want to take a wider view .
Nor was a military takeover the answer .
It all depends on how good the movies go .
They have a much narrower perspective .
But a state visit is not an endorsement .
He said the railroad is investigating .
The very rich just go on getting richer .
He was wearing jeans and a black jacket .
She communicates by blinking her eyes .
Use tissues and throw them in the trash .
Gay celebrities penned guest columns .
I have seen this occur a number of times .
Much of what he says makes little sense .
Pokoroff staggered back in disbelief .
He was unanimously sentenced to death .
The teams have two meetings remaining .
Their bathroom is a composting toilet .
Victorian property with great dining .
She is also being questioned by police .
Of course you want to tell him to shut up .
Myocardium dies and does not come back .
She certainly embodied the character .
They are very delicious and nutrition .
Its competitors are big employers too .
The autograph policy varies by venues .
The excitement in the room is palpable .
Police were searching for the shooter .
Their remarks were edited for brevity .
Last year she told me that they are gone .
He voted against all of those measures .
This is a must for any links enthusiast .
But helicopters will not stop this war .
To wear as crowns or scorn as ornaments .
The situation can lead to false alarms .
Tell the truth now before it is too late .
His music had the same mercurial charm .
The question is whether he gets to play .
Britain is opposed to such a clampdown .
Such efforts should be given their due .
Everybody is starting to see the light .
Word of mouth led more models to join us .
Mabel is the first child for the couple .
Please do not put us through this again .
I went down to the allotment last night .
Not the racial slurs he heard on the ice .
We must put up the strongest candidate .
Know how to serve one helluva cocktail .
I believe they should have won the poll .
The only routes out are by plane or boat .
Morgan says more arrests are expected .
This is the time to go out and make a deal .
Diversification therefore is the key .
She was happy to answer some questions .
Cronkite had his share of controversy .
Some sort of dual tracking is possible .
The car park is full and the slopes busy .
Affirmative action is a prime example .
Help the elderly lady with her luggage .
And it can occur in urban or rural areas .
That was when he turned to the internet .
Police said they had no suspects as yet .
Surely it should be the other way round .
Video cameras are only good for so much .
But we will continue to enrich uranium .
She attended physical therapy school .
Many feared they had been set up to fail .
Last week it started to implement them .
Say no to all racism and all xenophobia .
I like to make paintings that look good .
Climate change and shrinking ice caps .
Mendocino was an obvious place to look .
What he has achieved is extraordinary .
She was carrying a large black handbag .
In some ways it seemed a bit out of place .
I rarely find anything worth watching .
Forget lavish vacations or posh homes .
Bathrooms have tubs with shower heads .
Grilled chicken replaced the hot dogs .
And it has been a collaborative effort .
A bad job lies in the eye of the beholder .
The central dining room is dark and low .
Large homes are sprouting everywhere .
Besides homosexuals are born that way .
That police operation was successful .
It is up to us to choose to trust and obey .
Williams calmly slid home the penalty .
It might need someone else to take over .
He also said he never sent them weapons .
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah .
So this is something that has to be done .
Most workers bring in a livable income .
All wars have anthems for doomed youth .
We have the will and we have the ability .
Oral presentations would be required .
And those numbers are expected to rise .
Critics call the documents gag orders .
The eurozone may also be in some danger .
Lecturers by the dozens are out of work .
So what if they got home after midnight .
Shifts like this were not that unusual .
There is a terrible shortage of organs .
The camp buildings vanished years ago .
Rivals are employing similar tactics .
This should be called to her attention .
That demand is only likely to increase .
The evidence was there but not acted on .
Animals cannot damage the water table .
The issues are closely woven together .
Strong football teams make for cloudy .
The primordial battle of man and beast .
Commercial sites burned in both fires .
You can still get gasoline for your car .
We await inside to break bread with you .
She was very protective of her husband .
Valin could not be reached for comment .
Many cases involve more than one child .
But he noted that not all credit is dead .
This is a rapaciously commercial show .
His heavyweight introduction is here .
You can keep your existing handset too .
There really is no getting around that .
Others were treated for bad fractures .
Memphis has lost eight straight games .
Home field advantage is accounted for .
Where to find artisanal hard ciders in .
The show was sold out for all seven days .
It had previously forecast a flat year .
Police want witnesses to come forward .
And there will be additional pressure .
They can then be traded on the internet .
Data were weighted by past vote recall .
It will be fully operating next summer .
This briefly fueled even a fashion fad .
Make the request after the baby is born .
He said the capital has no dog shelters .
She has dust in her eyes and she is alive .
The requests are autmatially granted .
Mutualism is not built on benevolence .
He was never a conventional clergyman .
The bus has been removed from the scene .
Every car looked like a spaceship to me .
The concept of fast fashion is very new .
Downtown businesses will close early .
Grant named executors their petition .
Turkey is buzzing with such arguments .
In just over five hours he would be dead .
But the transit agency never switched .
Humidifiers and hot showers also help .
Each entity became highly profitable .
Johnson has to think big to achieve big .
He was acquitted of five other charges .
They were chanting death to dictators .
I completely disagree with extremism .
Two other people were hurt in the crash .
Most bombs and mines have been removed .
There is no such thing as anchor babies .
There were no injuries in the incident .
Four others were wounded but survived .
At least that is politically relevant .
Now we know where all the steroids went .
Read more about the swine flu outbreak .
Insulin resistance was also improved .
Leon did not indicate how he would rule .
It still feels like an appalling lapse .
Celebrating their erasure is another .
Use smaller serving spoons and plates .
All these leaders shared a bit of glory .
Obama supporters are welfare sponges .
The refuse lorry driver was uninjured .
Its enough to make a decent person puke .
And they know that they are not done yet .
A fourth faces charges in another case .
But the tiebreaker was only warming up .
He was unbreakable for such a long time .
Hope it is well covered by all the press .
She is pregnant with their third child .
We just never stopped to listen before .
Its shares soared in extended trading .
Some mothers have been left horrified .
Freelance opportunities are growing .
But he could make out colors and shapes .
We have got the lawyers looking at this .
But these images are largely outdated .
Additional series are also available .
But of course we must love even sinners .
Whether these are true is not the point .
These areas are extremely vulnerable .
Not one of their classmates is on drugs .
There are various forms of meningitis .
The screen could be a little bit bigger .
But there may be a more pressing matter .
Corporations are not natural persons .
Taxpayers would make up the shortfall .
Your party has become a failed concept .
Another way of relinquishing control .
She did not have the right credentials .
Spicy peppers soaked in bottles of rum .
I still feel like it has my sensibility .
The proposal has not got off the ground .
Three people reported minor injuries .
Self reliance is a highly valued trait .
It would also make good business sense .
A date for the trial has not yet been set .
That should appease the envious fools .
He was to receive a medal of excellence .
Or perhaps they are just more ruthless .
Life would be duller for their absence .
Would be embarrassing for all to speak .
But they kept with us and that was great .
This is a good night to rally the troops .
I will leave you all to wield the red pen .
Groups large and small could take a hit .
He just needs a little bit more walking .
Finishing fifth would have been great .
They underachieved from back to front .
The consequences of this are enormous .
So you can pop between apps all you want .
Also simply deporting is wrong as well .
It could be the celebration of his life .
I am confident this time we will make it .
Thank you for an illuminating article.
But that information has no resonance .
Then he improved the speed of searches .
But they seem to have become polarised .
I ran towards the back exit of the house .
Keep your belligerence under control .
The local mayor also appealed for calm .
The silence that follows is deafening .
It remains relatively low thereafter .
We are going to open as soon as possible .
Two wins have laid those claims to rest .
Britain seemed all shiny and new again .
Cook until the cheese starts to bubble .
Authorities believe he is still there .
The woman followed him out of the house .
The campaign printed two sets of signs .
Shine the interior of copper cookware .
Good followed by bad came his way again .
The aim is to prevent cars being stolen .
Chelsea is a different story entirely .
It seems like a total myth or something .
But no manager is ever truly on holiday .
Be familiar with the vehicle you drive .
Not so much a rolling rock but a boulder .
There will be a few glitches to iron out .
I think they are out back smoking a doob .
Sarah has such a lovely speaking voice .
The best way is not to look at the camera .
Grow against a light wall to show it off .
A date for the trial has not been set yet .
Its infrastructure is in woeful shape .
Or maybe that should be uncomfortably .
Brand wasted no time in making changes .
But the character has not yet been seen .
At the moment they are the missing link .
I am so happy your column was published .
There was never any display of emotion .
They were taken to two local hospitals .
In such ways are cultures transformed .
And he went home and asked for a divorce .
Massive cutbacks in corporate travel .
The date of the holiday has yet to be set .
But the transition often feels uneasy .
Obviously some would like us to do more .
I have witnessed slaughter by gunshot .
Gladwell has a different explanation .
Investigators believe he acted alone .
These guys are confused and terrified .
Or not just to put the ball in the basket .
Evans had previous pleaded not guilty .
I know their strengths and weaknesses .
They deserve their nutritional halos .
Eddie was flying home to see his mother .
There have been significant setbacks .
Those include a book and workout video .
Everything but virgins for volcanoes .
Colly also prods a single to midwicket .
Pay no attention to party affiliation .
He took her pulse and found she had died .
I think sometimes we all miss the point .
Most reviews have been positive so far .
Hillary came out super strong tonight .
Kind of like a wife and husband arguing .
It was being driven with its lights off .
I feel sorry for those worse off than me .
And neither actress has much to do here .
All pretty good aims for the year ahead .
Dodds faces up to seven years in prison .
Ratings are subject to change monthly .
We ignore this problem at our own peril .
Those same words could be spoken today .
That went on for about half a kilometre .
Blubbering idiots seeking lime light .
Many businesses took excessive risks .
Japanese has three systems of writing .
Their example has been followed since .
The pattern is now almost trademarked .
I thought the guys did a pretty good job .
This is the only time they communicate .
As is only too evident in recent events .
No one wants a return to the bad old days .
Motoring is unpleasant and dangerous .
A watch says something about yourself .
But all the signs are that it was hot air .
Animal rights is the basis of veganism .
It is a disconcertingly familiar tale .
The public outrage has become intense .
We work to eliminate any distractions .
Some are almost six feet tall and hairy .
It is the rock on which success is built .
Free shuttle buses will bridge the gap .
I had a perfect example the other night .
No casualties or damage were reported .
Perino put the best face on the outcome .
At least some are presumably veterans .
Cancer cells may be great at surviving .
The heat is searing and the mood placid .
Because their beliefs are so much more .
Colombia has been in chaos for decades .
This is no way to build a heated rivalry .
Add rest of the ingredients and season .
The rest has to be imported from abroad .
I am not into extremists on either side .
An express bus service serves the site .
And gamers are the ones getting burned .
They tell the police when they get home .
So overcome that he quite lost his head .
There he found work as a diamond cutter .
I heard no rejoicing in that statement .
The paintings are drawings made thick .
Instead of one community you find many .
This feature worked like a charm for me .
The pup is thought to be four months old .
This is about doing what feels natural .
But mostly they think what we do is cool .
I have never walked out of a show before .
The smoke disappeared after two hours .
There are reasons not to fear the worst .
Business is thriving in the recession .
It looks something like a quarter moon .
You have to work within that parameter .
Tbilisi fiercely denies any such link .
That was part of his job and he knew that .
Now he wants us to focus on immigration .
Test scores have been flat for decades .
Experience is still the key criterion .
External debt is also at historic lows .
This is a tree to get close to and admire .
They were calling and offering us soda .
But we have to close that entrance door .
I say this with no sense of superiority .
Another was a personal communication .
Two of the arrested hackers are minors .
The three defendants deny the charges .
Approval of the switch is far from sure .
Husbands argue with wives about adobo .
Click here to read the rest of the story .
Time to get your gun and get to business .
Similar results were found in science .
His work had international influence .
This leads to the sixth and final point .
But there is no evidence to link the two .
They said they will not seek a new trial .
Reading is a gradually acquired habit .
But really he should have known anyway .
No sense of honour where honour is dead .
He has always done that and always will .
Admission is free and open to the media .
But there were also security concerns .
I told my doctor jogging was bad for you .
The fourth official saw what happened .
This is not the peace they had hoped for .
My wife and her father can both fox trot .
Sunderland thought they had levelled .
Add the chicken pieces and toss to coat .
They can be violent and quite damaging .
A scruffy appearance may be tolerated .
Either would raise considerable sums .
Some cajas can sell industrial stakes .
We cannot afford that level of tuition .
But there are plenty of pitfalls ahead .
The flowers had not been duly screened .
She would jot those details down later .
There are two debates wrapped into one .
Those adopted to date have been modest .
Romney should consider himself lucky .
And his split leap over her was awesome .
The order was lifted a few months later .
Both story lines eventually converge .
There are fears the worst is yet to come .
Not everything needs to be literature .
The site included several nude photos .
Before the war he had been a shopkeeper .
Talk about taking a gimmick all the way .
The deaths happened a few months apart .
But he fired over the bar from six yards .
The owner gives you what she is cooking .
You would be welcome in my home anytime .
Some of this commerce feels premature .
A worldwide tour is expected to follow .
I said every program could be improved .
The key to saving is to keep an open mind .
I tried to stay out of the conversation .
It was a characteristically bold move .
Ruts were forming early and deepening .
Many also made money by trading slaves .
I predict more tears in the near future .
All were promoted one rank after death .
Naming novels is like naming children .
Redefault rates vary from bank to bank .
But everyone seems to want a piece of it .
What might wake me up at night is my book .
Ono sent a message recalling her visit .
Or right now just having an unlucky run .
Both of those tournaments were on clay .
Now it should be easy to just bring it in .
She said it was a real wrench to move out .
Texas could gain as many as three seats .
My share of bonds roughly equals my age .
Inexperienced owners are also at risk .
A peace agreement has yet to be reached .
The party went ahead in a giant marquee .
Details were set to be announced later .
A couple of superheroes showed up late .
And we need to confront these fears now .
Look what you got on taking that chance .
Crowe also turned a phone into a weapon .
Both have tested negative for alcohol .
The county launched an investigation .
Just pause and ask yourself two things .
There are no real stress tests going on .
It opened the night bazaar a year later .
A restorative lift is very much needed .
No one is quite sure what to make of them .
Overall cricket is an honourable game .
We have been following it for some time .
I think of my grandmother who raised me .
The focus was not only on record labels .
Here it seems voting is a family affair .
He was back in action the very next week .
Contact with staff is kept to a minimum .
We have had a quite a few in recent years .
The stock market is a guessing machine .
Pierzynski was credited with a single .
None of the defendants attended court .
A forth is currently being considered .
It helped me to be able to go out on my own .
Amanda eventually slipped into a coma .
Bezos apology was direct and complete .
The operators all declined to comment .
The brother and his wife were arrested .
They also have great customer service .
I think we just answered that question .
And people will be allowed to have guns .
There are millions of federal workers .
There is no timetable for their return .
Evidence of economic weakness abound .
A widespread tsunami was not expected .
A month later a compromise was reached .
But the officers need not have worried .
Something much bigger is going on here .
California is in a total fiscal crisis .
War is the result of ignorance by fools .
Suddenly he was one stroke off the lead .
It became a celebration of so much more .
I need to know the issues over the image .
Make your mosaic tiles from old plates .
I have a couple of suggestions to offer .
A phone number for him rang unanswered .
The cause of the fire remains a mystery .
No other nation has been able to do that .
The expectations are impossibly high .
Reconciling these goals will be messy .
So far the traffic has been against her .
But we really shout about what is local .
It is not an obvious subject for humour .
They are supposed to be above politics .
Thanks for taking the time to read this .
Kendall declined interview requests .
Online features make it quick and easy .
It gave no other details of the meeting .
The greasy pole has been doubly larded .
There are no other stragglers in sight .
He was second in the other three starts .
People can send messages to each other .
Moore did not return calls for comment .
Too many people lack health insurance .
The herd might just be wrong once again .
The outlook for stocks is just as murky .
Joan was fundamentally kind and funny .
Europe needs cohesion and continuity .
People who want their kids to get ahead .
It has become an all too familiar trend .
Her clothes were also torn and removed .
I half expected to see a troll or a gnome .
I would like just one specific example .
We see headline risk to the share price .
And the rings offered a lesson in scale .
He only finished it for me two weeks ago .
None of yer god damned business anyway .
He carried a contract in his briefcase .
It gives rise to a curious circularity .
But the number watching is far greater .
You have good days and you have bad days .
She was wearing a dark green hooded top .
It is not clear which was painted first .
Post about using oven mitts on a ladder .
Contemporary tastes are what they are .
But no one aboard either train was hurt .
The review made five recommendations .
The police initially did not stop them .
The book gives glimpses into why it was .
The democrats need to see this through .
The firm denied it was a lobbying event .
Moseley allowed two runs and five hits .
Fewer designers means fewer products .
Do let me know if you have any questions .
Federal judges are appointed for life .
Hopefully it will all start going down .
Everyone has the same sense of urgency .
Water is carried in pails from a spring .
Places a flawed hero in an epic context .
He will stay on as an advisory director .
What a waste of good medical treatment .
But few may have sought guidance there .
Poll is marred by allegations of fraud .
But he may have picked the wrong target .
Ryerson said her hip was now shipshape .
This is a very sad and disturbing story .
It is not clear who made the phone calls .
This was a weapon of mass peastruction .
Hall declined to give further details .
But he did not disagree with the ruling .
He took me out in his small wooden canoe .
But we got a really good response today .
Let the hateful liberal newspapers go .
She had divorced against their wishes .
Most experts said it was not practical .
Optimism centres around two key areas .
And sometimes she seemed lost in a haze .
It was a decision taken at a floor level .
How sad much of this discussion sounds .
He said he will return for more therapy .
The biggest thing she misses is sports .
She went on to display her shallowness .
We knew then that it was the end of an era .
These people must be held accountable .
Some really do come just for the crying .
Now this child will grow up to be a loser .
Many of those affected have protested .
But he made no commitments beyond that .
Many of them were bearded and smirking .
So why not just let it out the indignant .
Obama can use his campaign to start now .
Somalia is basically split into three .
We took basically a sampling of a piece .
Which would mean food for her children .
I write about novels and short stories .
For the senses reading has permanence .
Stir in lemon juice and pepper to taste .
In future they will be named and shamed .
He has been battling to secure support .
The problem is not a technological one .
I was an enthusiast for elected mayors .
They continue to buy government bonds .
Here is the first man we should go after .
You asked for an opinion and you got one .
No one could afford to take one anymore .
He had been stung too many times before .
He has made a lot of progress since then .
They graduated from college together .
We are running out of stored food items .
He smothered her with two plastic bags .
Tostes referred inquiries to the aide .
Salary commensurate with experience.
Friday and called the fire department .
That was what the stimulus was aimed at .
Her body does not push beyond the frame .
Real money could be an understatement .
You have a number of doctors in the room .
Demchak could hardly believe his ears .
And small businesses oppose this bill .
You either against torture or your not .
How quickly things can change in sport .
But since then divisions have emerged .
He is now paralysed from the waist down .
Surface is what most pushes them apart .
Your patients will be guests and staff .
I see her most weeks in the supermarket .
The potential for disorder is blatant .
The comment about helmets is just dumb .
Khartoum has been accused of genocide .
Only about a dozen of his works survive .
That message seems to have got through .
The man has denied raping his daughter .
Their dream kitchen would be deferred .
Fingernails and hair grow after death .
The choir now performs across the city .
The courts deplore mindless violence .
Light can drink five or six cups or more .
Some welcome the end of the moratorium .
The office was set afire with gasoline .
Price excludes airport taxes and fees .
I think this is a positive development .
The poor rich are suddenly friendless .
It seemed to sum up the prevailing mood .
No figures for wounded were available .
I heard many anecdotes to bear this out .
Aides still view the race as very close .
Floor tiles in the kitchen are cracked .
The second man searched the residence .
The legislators are now talking again .
I opted for the supposedly safe option .
But other areas need urgent attention .
That accident is under investigation .
But this time something was different .
The second stage focuses on sanctions .
What about stopping all this hysteria .
This largely absorbed the third world .
But that is something for the long term .
This meeting will be open to the public .
It is the ultimate in lazy landscaping .
Some will benefit almost immediately .
Currency markets are clearly jittery .
The feral parrots were freaking me out .
But we may have some available earlier .
An adjoining cottage also sleeps four .
The cottage stands in a fifth of an acre .
None of them have officially endorsed .
But it also wants to keep spending down .
He is survived by his son and a daughter .
Her diagnosis was a surprise to us both .
He had been diagnosed with lung cancer .
Her release was as sudden as her arrest .
The exact cause of the crash is unclear .
Better would be an organised exchange .
The other nine contestants were black .
His wife died from cancer two years ago .
Christopher would have relished that .
Ethnicity does not really come into it .
Please do yourself a favor and go there .
Graves initially turned the film down .
Death is going to be big in art this year .
Regarding foriegn policy experience .
This is because they are still growing .
Thirty companies entered the contest .
The problem is lawsuits not insurance .
They are our allies in the war of terror .
Both gauges were better than expected .
She drove more than two hours to see him .
And the differences may be surprising .
It is disgusting and should be illegal .
Some family members were incredulous .
They feel they have a voice in the world .
Opponents have also begun organizing .
I was always very close to beating them .
He also promises to keep his room clean .
Knox faces life in prison if convicted .
The whole issue is moot because he pled .
There was a roar behind and a roar ahead .
He badly needs to take advantage today .
Below are details of the lengthy drama .
You have this caricature in your heads .
It is now in the third of its four stages .
Its energy work falls in the last group .
I disconnected the answering machine .
I imagine this will lead to an increase .
Life expectancy is around seven years .
It is natural for the two to go together .
A second pilot ejected and was rescued .
She did not mean her friends on the ward .
But the underground ride on the subway .
It is therefore not my law but their law .
After that it was easy for the invaders .
Many recoil from the idea of going home .
He was sentenced to life for her murder .
Two suppliers were condemned to death .
This man who seemed to have everything .
Those who stick it out learn something .
He saw it for himself at a campaign stop .
She has no memory of what happened next .
Lawyers are well trained in dramatics .
They take responsibility for nothing .
That again can be blamed on the economy .
Vast sections of the city are deserted .
It is very very sad to watch this unfold .
But he also had two tosses intercepted .
Now it is a symbol of the housing bubble .
There is not much for young people to do .
High brass has a lightninglike effect .
Behind such fun lies careful planning .
You also want to have a sense of control .
Nothing like this had happened before .
Without doubt it will never be reached .
The search had left nothing untouched .
Its just a show for the ignorant masses .
Italian teams have much to consider in .
Apply once a day for instant hydration .
This war will kill us all for centuries.
He almost seems to relish the prospect .
It has been quite subversive in its way .
A cause of death was pending an autopsy .
Chambers will ignore such sentiments .
Travel links are good via road and rail .
I seek the blessings in my sensitivity .
He gave up his car and health insurance .
Nippert gave up four runs and five hits .
The tax credit has been a pit of a puzzle .
A cellphone was stolen from a business .
Have a lawyer draft such a trust for you .
So the president decided on a showdown .
You can even whale watch in elk country .
And using science we all will know more .
Absolutely not an issue of free speech .
But he unraveled with three holes to go .
They did not perform at the appearance .
Now the epicentre is the equity market .
I guess we should not have exported our .
We should have known it from their name .
The square leg umpire should have seen .
The initial contract is for five years .
Upton will be sentenced at a later date .
But doctors have a central role to play .
A decision is expected early next year .
And a clear justification for the cost .
But all six players were put on standby .
The world managed to pull one wall down .
James scored eight points in the rally .
His wife died a week after giving birth .
The first couple weeks is always rough .
It is easy to envisage either in charge .
But he will not visit the museum itself .
Make sure you get it very evenly spread .
And the term was eventually shortened .
Some people can fall asleep on command .
Thakshin is an experienced economist .
The sabotaging of the trains is unjust .
Procedures were tightened as a result .
Beat until pale yellow and emulsified .
One of them was shot at least nine times .
But many say they really have no choice .
Taking orders was not his strong point .
Dozens of people were rescued by boats .
And a new family business was launched .
It was really weird and disappointing .
I caught him watching me more than once .
They get a fixed salary for everything .
Sidewalk cafes remain open after dark .
They were released later this morning .
The company feeds her in lieu of salary .
Excuse me what country are we living in .
A buoyant housing market is a good sign .
Four candidates have pulled out so far .
Americans dominated the leaderboard .
Once again you make an excellent point .
She has something up her sleeve as well .
Rates vary depending on length of stay .
Reuben was at the other end of the scale .
Garland had a difficult personal life .
Thank you for such a well written story .
He worked it all out on previous visits .
His wife had been brought into the plan .
The chairs are no longer in production .
The global body was similarly hopeful .
The question is whether to laugh or cry .
Every human culture started as a tribe .
I do not think such a policy makes sense .
But if he wants to stay then he will stay .
A ransom was reported to have been paid .
Same sex couples are common in the wild .
There was no mention of privatisation .
They broke through her bedroom window .
He was sentenced to life imprisonment .
His death is being treated as homicide .
Peace outside comes from peace inside .
His voice still fades from time to time .
He was wearing dark tracksuit bottoms .
The measure could be largely cosmetic .
And good luck on your vegetarian quest .
We have dealt with this in several ways .
But academic recognition came sooner .
I delete such things on a regular basis .
Now the scrutiny is at its most intense .
But only a dozen loans have been closed .
Independents hold the other two seats .
And so let me tell you what we will now do .
They not even trying to hide it from you .
Now go get that vet some tanning lotion .
This suggests he will go far in the game .
The military is a part of every day life .
All increase your visceral fat stores .
This lengthy assessment must now stop .
Why are most people refusing to listen .
Time enough for anything to happen yet .
The whole room dissolves into giggles .
The mutual generosity club continued .
Now he is considering another project .
A spotter plane also circled the skies .
He has criticized the high cost of milk .
You get hugely protective of the ocean .
The other two were overtime victories .
That application took two false steps .
Night is by far the hardest time to bear .
But the problem is growing just as fast .
But many know how to circumvent the ban .
He then sprinted toward the bleachers .
Some brick throwing by demonstrators .
I have nothing to do with this business .
Another major wild card is the weather .
Diet has nothing to do with sex of a baby .
Now he is planning to write his memoirs .
Women are owed the same consideration .
Even the circumcision jokes fall flat .
That assumes both of them can find a job .
I was very saddened to hear of his death .
The promise of change and new politics .
Becoming a victim of clubhouse pranks .
Credit cards accepted by some vendors .
We each did shifts sleeping next to her .
Voters of all kinds seem disenchanted .
The electorate will have their say too .
Now we will know exactly what happened .
Perhaps it should go back and change it .
Computing investigation has claimed .
His candidacy would take some beating .
The bar is open to families of veterans .
Boys were cool and loving and huggable .
And to make life comfortable for us all .
He said he has been evacuated six times .
Taking away a privilege placed second .
We offered him as much support as we can .
They are his only immediate survivors .
They complement each other perfectly .
Chavez has dismissed the allegations .
Faith and ideology is all that matters .
Eventually he went into a nursing home .
But even that seems to be too much to ask .
We also make an extra payment each year .
You know how bad of a place that has been .
The facts are all there and documented .
Two children and a woman were in the car .
Emerging new talent was also rewarded .
I see you had to change your screen name .
It plans a survey for accurate figures .
Piemontese did not attend the hearing .
Croda shares remain a buy at this level .
Please do a little thought experiment .
He said he would not appeal the verdict .
The newspaper industry is collapsing .
Tails were submitted as proof of kills .
A wall fell down and almost crushed one .
Investigate by talking to your target .
America ticked many of those boxes too .
All come in black and all have been sold .
Too bad he hooked up with the wrong girl .
Wayne attributed it to something else .
All affect how the kidneys handle salt .
It will be something more fundamental .
Heath could not be reached for comment .
Physical fitness was another passion .
The ranch also farms cotton and citrus .
I may as well get this over and done with .
Green did not testify during the trial .
Then came a groan after the missed putt .
But sport is not an insult competition .
The government has returned the favor .
The government had no choice but to act .
There was barely time to mourn the dead .
Not all papers were used for marijuana .
She had little to say about the drought .
Nations are built one village at a time .
I respect her for engaging commenters .
He tipped his hat as he made his way home .
Germany is seen as a better credit risk .
A verdict is not expected until autumn .
Only official cars are allowed inside .
Now they issued good comrades instead .
All of that can be converted to ethanol .
Look at the slithery reptilian tongue .
They seem to amp up around the holidays .
Bath could now decide to appeal the ban .
He was not impressed with what he found .
Even today it remains extremely tense .
Most switches go ahead without a hitch .
I see how they react to my performances .
Musharraf was installed as president .
And the gods of rock saw that it was good .
Put a large pan of water on for the pasta .
That does not mean unrest is not coming .
I work all the time but now i think its a t .
That seemed to worry several justices .
They cannot be named for legal reasons .
Language limitations lose contracts .
Her presence invaded my subconscious .
A sewer pipe was stolen from a business .
Malhi was not part of the research team .
I will agree we need to cut the spending .
The exuberance comes from cheap money .
The couple were not thought to be local .
Yet the benefits to us all would be huge .
I could have been sent back to my old job .
Spread the mixture in the prepared tin .
Enough with your fancy remote beaches .
Sometimes they were like pilgrimages .
Nine years is a long time and he had to go .
Everything is so well thought through .
I think there may be something going on .
She said she could not comment further .
They sell what others produce for them .
She had to issue a reversal weeks later .
The crane hit a smaller crane as it fell .
Police were investigating the attack .
Three of workers were freed soon after .
The very stars seemed within our grasp .
So there is absolutely no competition .
All the fashionable women are doing it .
The race discussion is now on the table .
She is not sure who she will vote for yet .
She advised judges in family disputes .
It is a felony to ask a minor to buy drugs .
Lincoln did not shrink from the camera .
But back to the ice cream in the freezer .
No wonder we all yearn for more privacy .
Coughlin said the results were normal .
He has already put off the visit by a day .
Great to see some serious engineering .
He said he would explain after the game .
Linked to the rich are the aristocracy .
The lender has to agree to this however .
The museum is free for active military .
They help me to have a great social life .
Dry cleaners very rarely deserve tips .
It was like signing a power of attorney .
She typically carries a pink rucksack .
Hopefully you will see it in the future .
The film is doing well at the box office .
Lots of lovely development on the nose .
But prevention strategies are simple .
Bridges are being inspected every day .
Simplicity sometimes is the keystone .
Euro zone government bonds were mixed .
Doctors are monitoring her condition .
A fifth dog was shot by a police officer .
The answer would be an unequivocal yes .
My heart is with the family at this time .
Phelps is the one without the bodysuit .
I have seen lived and traved worldwide .
You give them as much lead way as you can .
I used to read it a couple of times a week .
Who initiated the meeting is not clear .
At least two were killed with grenades .
But he denied he would be a major player .
One couple hosted swing dance lessons .
I experienced the same thing years ago .
Sometimes we even need to rethink them .
They were kept there for several hours .
Every cent of pork ought to be taken out .
No other related cases have been found .
It is easy to imagine what would happen .
He should have been a swimmer or a rower .
He wondered how much it was all costing .
Assessment depends upon measurement .
Sixty artists contributed to the show .
It is believed he died of a heart attack .
Pope calls for end to hostilities that .
He had been behind bars for nine months .
Businesses are also feeling the pinch .
He did not give any details of that help .
This is going to turn out to be a big hoax .
A few carp slide over the brim of the dam .
Now that would be a new kind of politics .
Then there is the contraception issue .
He made cuts a local simply could not do .
Ministers are now reviewing the rules .
Only a quarter of lighting is domestic .
His wife has no special longing to do it .
Stripping already had made her famous .
There was no undue influence on my part .
I am so dissappointed in your campaign .
Israel is capable of defending itself .
The defendant stayed in the courtroom .
I struggled to find my intensity today .
Three people were killed in the attack .
The man was later questioned by police .
So the toilet was pulled from the floor .
But even this bright spot is tentative .
But something went wrong along the way .
And let me just make one last point here .
But maybe thats not the right question .
No one has died in the fires this summer .
The shots got close to their positions .
Poole has received various accolades .
Fujii has since tempered his comments .
Their disguise just hides them better .
But that was not how history played out .
My well wishes go to you and your family .
There are plans to bail out automakers .
Industry leaders have hinted the same .
The board has made a real hash of things .
I was no longer protected by a white man .
Some are now missing and presumed dead .
Some of the women were lightly injured .
Those teams get way too much publicity .
Those who kept the flame of hope alight .
A criminal network that is out of sight .
No one will beat him if he runs like that .
Others were marginlized from society .
This gets us to the crux of your problem .
Things happen to them at crucial times .
He has some runway average to play with .
Many trains were delayed or cancelled .
Hundreds were driven from their homes .
Thanks for the misinformation though .
Regulatory approval is also required .
He will be the firm favorite for the job .
Even more breathtaking was his finish .
Its international standing has risen .
Pork producers have moved more slowly .
Talk about the eternal curse of empire .
I see the same credit ratings that were .
A sea lion at passport control perhaps .
There are years of experiments to come .
She said she is trained in martial arts .
Those payments have been slow to arise .
Maybe you should ask her who is for show .
I will step away from the chairmanship .
His admiration for them was boundless .
Pollsters tell us the public likes him .
The families are for the most part poor .
He is one of eight seniors living there .
A donut seller is also refusing to move .
Three men and one woman were found dead .
Other builders are now following suit .
She just really bowls us over every day .
Both involve silicon and electricity .
No one grows up aspiring to be a repo man .
But it has failed to meet this deadline .
It was just the five of us having dinner .
All three have denied the allegations .
It is hard to put a price on toxic assets .
But he said the flames were too intense .
Dear moderator please publish in full .
Take out and discard the studded onion .
And he has gotten points for reticence .
Still the lorries queue along the road .
Fixing the mechanics is just the start .
We send our children to school to study .
Libyan songs blared in the background .
The motive for the killings is unclear .
Then he promptly made a rookie mistake .
Potentially pleasant planets at that .
Only the poor got juvenile rheumatism .
This has not been without controversy .
That gives him scoring opportunities .
And the movie is full of lines like that .
The family was set to retain its shares .
The answer is that it does not fit at all .
Dubai police also declined to comment .
But it faces a difficult balancing act .
There seems to be little to write about .
Just a few dishes and a ceramic pumpkin .
I heard her take a drag of her cigarette .
You have to buy auto insurance to drive .
I have now verified that there is a leak .
Economists had predicted an increase .
It is going to take creating jobs again .
My boss wanted a totally hairless body .
I bet that dissertation is a joy to read .
I prefer not to meddle in negotiations .
Shanahan was assessed a minor penalty .
Stewart then became the interim coach .
And we are always afraid of the unknown .
They knew the rules and they broke them .
That made his changeup more effective .
The incident left debris on the runway .
Detectives are questioning all three .
Prices never went up in the first place .
They will usually pay interest as well .
I was going to go and counter protest th .
The coast guard also joined the rescue .
She should now stand down from the post .
Because it was something they created .
The mayor did not attend the gathering .
Just look at his election eve schedule .
What matters is getting on television .
She had ear muffs and white sweat pants .
A rotting body lay in its main entrance .
There have been false dawns in the past .
The university now sets no time limits .
And more and more jobs require degrees .
Both meals showed up delicious and hot .
Let me give you an encouraging example .
And you will not believe his statement .
Our soldiers are confident of victory .
One of the big reasons is their bullpen .
They also lived significantly longer .
But they sent a note to say they had none .
Spilled fuel on the ground caught fire .
These topical jibes feel superfluous .
This can lead to pilots losing control .
I got a call and came straight in to work .
All of its flights have been cancelled .
Schwartzel could not have agreed more .
The man next to me just sat there calmly .
It is not always easy to spot a war crime .
It seems an unlikely scene for a battle .
Not all the sermons came off as planned .
We believe she may have been lying down .
China has resisted such requirements .
But she now admits that was just a front .
But current events suggest otherwise .
Consider a bad loan made to a home buyer .
To say it runs hot is an understatement .
There is going to be a meeting next week .
Calls to the company were not returned .
This will be your home for three nights .
Children have a play area in the corner .
He declined to name the organizations .
It just could not meet its obligations .
This figure is probably conservative .
It is an expensive route to take though .
Comments are no longer being accepted .
The rule prohibits going to the ground .
The case was withdrawn by magistrates .
The infrastructure challenge is huge .
Rove has never been charged in the case .
Then he won the treble in his first year .
But a vague code of practice is too soft .
You could report on mobile phone theft .
The pressure will be for spending cuts .
The rest were divided into four groups .
Not that we saw any of this malfunction .
There is hardly a delicate way to put it .
Let us know by filling in the form below .
The orbs serve as a nonverbal reminder .
We have begun to turn into an oligarchy .
Politicians know that extremely well .
The hearing is to be closed to the media .
Each state has a statue of limitations .
It can be given by tablets or injection .
Her impression is tellingly accurate .
They were not allowed to bring cameras .
The match developed urgency and speed .
This recipe makes about four servings .
They blew the case for the prosecution .
Lunghi said the criticism is deserved .
Yet this claim has become too familiar .
One key area ripe for growth is tourism .
Specify the number of chores to be done .
He only cares about his white house bid .
The other was killed by a bomb last year .
Cuauhtemoc could never have done that .
Some of this is due to clever marketing .
Samples have now been sent for testing .
So does the majority of the electorate .
He pushed his ideas for metal aircraft .
He then charged down in his second trip .
We should attest to some achievements .
If only the departments last that long .
They always reviewed the investments .
Au fait with hard truth and not fudge it .
I cook meals in hotel rooms all the time .
But these internet people are raunchy .
Ambrose was charged with retail theft .
She had married him six months earlier .
Milwaukee jumped in front in the first .
They want banks to speed up the process .
Serve with extra yogurt and coriander .
He was thrown out for being too extreme .
The idea behind them all is a simple one .
The maths barely works on this already .
He urged his supporters to remain calm .
The fire remains under investigation .
But no further details were available .
Applications to go on a reality series .
Everybody has players who get injured .
Not all analysts paint a bleak picture .
That tells us which virus the sample is .
The program is free and includes lunch .
Some galleries are closed on weekdays .
Be helpful and understanding instead .
So we look forward to that this evening .
Some migrants are even returning home .
This can be on a separate sheet of paper .
You only use waters to dilute your malt .
Safety is an important consideration .
Early indicators are in fact positive .
And money remains his biggest concern .
It was not clear whom they represented .
The stories did indeed get repetitive .
The road was shut and traffic diverted .
Hardly anyone mentions those anymore .
Both have a clearly defined world view .
Fire trucks converged on the building .
Look at the faces of the dead and maimed .
Just one more example as to how wacky ri .
And the romances never are convincing .
You can spot the narcissist a mile away .
I think we should all relax a little bit .
I love the books and the books are loved .
The state and its people just need help .
Others were subjected to sexual abuse .
Takahashi is then supposed to respond .
The highest murder rate in the country .
Never even late to a morning formation .
Bynum could not be reached for comment .
Bush has established a new high in lows .
Their are four races left in the season .
The admiration extends to other areas .
Many of them will have unprotected sex .
After the match we will see where we are .
His parents divorced when he was young .
I would always buy sony and always have .
The marine at left was earliest to rise .
The crowd cheered as he reached the top .
The materials were provided at no cost .
The amount paid has not been disclosed .
A beer and a hamburger are named for him .
This debate was extremely unbalanced .
Hundreds of protesters were arrested .
Missoni wraps up in layers of leggings .
Good luck to all with that hill to climb .
Fluorescents still cost more upfront .
He rarely veers off his talking points .
But she is also a serious clotheshorse .
All were responding well to treatment .
We saw some pretty astonishing things .
Obama has the guts to talk to the people .
This does not mean that it is a bad thing .
Maybe we could even balance the budget .
It also helps cardiovascular fitness .
Efforts to improve it did not work well .
She never does any cooking or cleaning .
The predominant culture will survive .
Those figures are being investigated .
Houses are only a few hundred feet away .
He said electrocution meets that test .
So stop being so incredibly dishonest .
No state wants to have to take care of it .
Towers threatened wholesale changes .
I clock in at a steady four miles an hour .
We visited each other and kept in touch .
That just makes it more uncomfortable .
Possibly a metaphor for the art market .
People can drive just fine with one eye .
The dust also got on the child car seats .
He then was relieved when the paw moved .
But my guess is the results will be okay .
All the kids round here just loved them .
Promoters have been made aware of this .
It was the largest slide in five months .
And my second plead was cycling shorts .
Thrilling testimony from a colleague .
And this stroke is just for the birdies .
Defense lawyers called two witnesses .
He had his airline ticket in his pocket .
The picture seems to demand a reaction .
The retirees could face dramatic cuts .
I am trying to figure out the story here .
Her first recommendation was to fight .
They resume work when they feel better .
And human beings are very complicated .
The voting booth was once a sacred spot .
The public has noticed the deficiency .
But he has really disappointed me here .
The first wave consisted mainly of men .
A post mortem is to be carried out later .
The boy was found unharmed at the scene .
Web access is definitely not required .
Officials did not identify the target .
They appealed for them to come forward .
It is a rare animal that is being sought .
Short sentences do more harm than good .
His closest friends were his servants .
He needs an account number to transfer .
He wished to be judged on his character .
One of the biggest risers this morning .
Sunde could not be reached for comment .
This is where the rubber meets the road .
There were no alarms or motion sensors .
It has forced us to use our common sense .
Three stakeholder meetings were held .
Deep discounts were a factor this year .
Karzai refused to accept the findings .
She died a short time later in hospital .
People seem to lose all class they have .
Glass did not possess even a cellphone .
They could easily have spent more of it .
This bill introduces both approaches .
He was off duty at the time of the attack .
You are being investigated for murder .
Calls could even be made using a botnet .
Looks like we are on the same page again .
Times tables will be one of the focuses .
Felons are not just like everyone else .
An inhumanity that is beyond our scope .
The media would have made the woman bad .
Visitors have thrown up and passed out .
No one else appears to be in the vehicle .
Positive for synthetic testosterone .
We post movies and television for free .
The law would call the image vandalism .
And he made a number of unforced errors .
Nore of your tax moany at work here kids.
His father was an insurance executive .
Broader stock indicators also jumped .
It was then that her growth spurt began .
It was a generally uncomfortable time .
He had no involvement whatsoever in it .
And in some areas he is making progress .
They still have issues to contend with .
I have visited prostitutes in the past .
Cancer is the cure for the real disease .
These hearings come at a critical time .
Their failure to do so made them liable .
Sitton is the father of the little girl .
He must be secretly chuffed about that .
They also look utterly unenforceable .
The progress has been slow and painful .
But he is not opposed to the idea itself .
Six separate cases were consolidated .
More people need to raise these points .
Swat has been lost for almost two years .
The other woman was pushed to the floor .
But this setback may only be temporary .
It kind of goes way back to six years ago .
He forecast an escalation in violence .
To her it was just another lever to play .
It really is all a total punt these days .
Only liberals and muslims are sissies .
They should look be covered in blubber .
Their high profits will be short lived .
He said an investigation was under way .
He is determined to outlast opponents .
Reinhardt has denied the allegations .
The letter was supposed to stay unread .
She was desperate but had nowhere to go .
Clark recommended the cyst be removed .
I had put on a clean suit and my lucky tie .
But first some background and the news .
An eighth fatality was also confirmed .
Economic anxiety is the new terrorism .
It was our worst nightmare when he died .
But it may pay a heavy diplomatic price .
I did keep the first edition hardbacks .
Campuses have been blocked by strikes .
There are no skeletons in his cupboard .
But here you are judging all of us as one .
Toilets flushed directly into the sea .
California used to be in that category .
Now every day of my life is full of guilt .
She needs a shocking change of fortune .
He is not the only one to make the change .
Singace and his group deny the charges .
In fact we might be about to get a replay .
Marines used force only when attacked .
It was not known if she would be retried .
This is why he frustrates his advisers .
This section got a series of applauses .
The situation has since deteriorated .
She always wants you to chase after her .
And yet there has been a rise in quality .
Yeah they just talk talk talk talk talk .
Athletes and fans hope they bring snow .
You have lost it if you think otherwise.
The anxiety on the streets is palpable .
It began in a police station courtyard .
And the commission is oddly secretive .
For many of us the cost is the real issue .
But the program goes further than that .
The report called the death a homicide .
This prime also increased generosity .
Massey said he supported the decision .
Some pastors canceled plans to attend .
But headcoverings seemed more common .
He can be an extremely effective actor .
But things have not gone as he had hoped .
I will generally respect that request .
To have a tied series may be even better .
The candidates are walking a fine line .
Brazil came nearer to scoring a second .
What arrogant charlatans they all are .
Invading countries is a tad expensive .
But there are rules and traditions too .
The western provinces were simmering .
They are also too inept to realize this .
A coiffured lady is walking her poodle .
No wonder the bloke with her is smiling .
All five are confident and articulate .
It is time to cut the loses and come home.
We know from their comments they do not .
Noubissie and the boy were not related .
This sounds like convoluted thinking .
This whole thing is beyond disgusting .
Inevitably they have all fallen short .
See a brief history of slapstick humor .
Folds quite thin but otherwise boring .
Emerging markets still have much to do .
We anticipated something will happen .
Let vadouvan and butter sit for an hour .
This content does not exist on our site .
But they would never get the good stuff .
But the relationship was tempestuous .
I was just a labrador puppy bounding in .
Notice the only afirican american gov.
Other commodities markets were mixed .
Barkley sees speeding as a key problem .
But this is not for the budget traveler .
Thank god we can at least see the bottom .
Thus says our unwritten constitution .
But some never forget the unknown dead .
Quite proud of the job this guy is doing .
But now the process is going in reverse .
The debate focused on minority issues .
The images make sure of their subjects .
Analysts issued buy recommendations .
She hunts moose and eats what she kills .
Things that are in both appear magenta .
That got the kids shooting and scoring .
The controversy has become political .
To say he has no power is simply foolish .
Government is getter bigger everyday .
Safari was nice but not very inclusive .
But he wanted to plant another thought .
No state saw its achievement gap widen .
The controversy has flared in the past .
What a classic and dangerous hypcrite .
Randolph says history is not her focus .
That extra time has proved invaluable .
You sure do keep our world interesting .
In both cases the works were recovered .
Villa were quick to exact retribution .
Sometimes the dramatic is that simple .
Governments can be corrupted by power .
They were holding a number of hostages .
This could take four weeks to complete .
They know that walls do not stop people .
Women we still treat lower than cattle .
Petting zoos are regarded as high risk .
Rangers want to watch themselves here .
Other groups report similar pressure .
Their stacks spew gray plumes of smoke .
I give some of your own words back to you .
Request a brochure or book a test drive .
Papery shades and textures for spring .
Then there are credit rating agencies .
School officials declined to comment .
Too many people have been hurt already .
We might not be for the rest of this year .
But gradually she began to understand .
Champagne and cupcakes will be served .
Statistics are such a wonderful thing .
Other independents operate in niches .
A terrible knowledge dawns in his eyes .
The largest outlay is for suppression .
I like for people to use their own money .
They learn to take care of their bimbos .
The public option has a new pitch woman .
It walked on two legs and had a long tail .
We are in debt up to our eyeballs to them .
Also ask if the property welcomes kids .
He found speech very difficult indeed .
The hearing has the power to disbar him .
A second vote is expected within weeks .
I did not know that you were my soul mate .
Thank you for the memories of these two .
She wakes to find him sitting on her bed .
Other ministers are no less assiduous .
The same is true for childcare workers .
That would be fine with some delegates .
I will have to side with the dems on this .
The latest revolt quickly fizzled out .
The government will certainly listen .
Labour values stand for fair taxation .
You seek validation from a small group .
For a young man it was very frustrating .
Russia is the final member of the forum .
There are some terrific comments here .
The militias have never been disarmed .
We could possibly get to that over time .
She also joined a gym and began cycling .
Other camps have selected committees .
The conditions vary across the county .
Many of the changes would be invisible .
Button was in a relaxed mood yesterday .
It could well be completely unrelated .
Holly has not been charged with a crime .
The point was to make a sarcastic point .
Details of the deal were not disclosed .
An announcement is expected tomorrow .
She was pronounced dead shortly after .
Most of the objections were overruled .
It seems to cross all barriers somehow .
Regulators are once again regulating .
But the latest reports are horrifying .
Collingwood plays onto his own stumps .
Things have not gone according to plan .
The outlook of this rating is negative .
Both people buying and people selling .
The driver left before police arrived .
He is now fully focused on the long haul .
Other awards shows also followed suit .
The burqa symbolises such repression .
That was the extent of their curiosity .
He is not religious or spritual leader .
Here we examine the ongoing aid effort .
We no longer need to worry about cancer .
Guess it should not have shrunk by much .
All cars have an off switch of some sort .
The anthems have just been blasted out .
Zakhari also recommends getting rest .
Add a lil alcohol and you can get wasted .
Germany fell into recession last year .
Those are nearly full at a growing cost .
Pillows and blankets are free in coach .
I find it an irresistible combination .
He only had to answer to his conscience .
Shell has its annual meeting next week .
We know that motherhood changes lives .
To those making the headlines at least .
The agreement has brought some relief .
England were not too cocky or arrogant .
Production would not start until fall .
Insist on a room rate or look elsewhere .
What took him so long to make a decision .
I had no idea what she was talking about .
Broader stock indicators fluctuated .
She had called after he had punched her .
I really dont see what the issue is here .
No wonder we have such a bad government .
He has volunteered to go to counseling .
The groups deny working with the court .
And the leaders are setting a fast pace .
But he spiritedly broke straight back .
I was considering giving my vote to him .
It matters for a few different reasons .
Web cam and satellite views are cloudy .
In which case they should bear the cost .
Monday for a new employee orientation .
I have my doubts as to their assertions .
They threatened her and she collapsed .
But talk about rate rises is premature .
Retaliation against whistle blowers .
He was driving the cab that was crushed .
Bashir has vowed to respect the result .
He did not participate in proceedings .
One stunning example makes this point .
The first death was reported last week .
He had been held for just over two years .
The personalities fit better that way .
Undoubtedly he has suffered poor luck .
In guy land the only crime is stupidity .
But some employees may need to be hired .
The motive for the killing is not known .
His despair is heartbreaking to watch .
Equipment rentals are also available .
The windshield you save may be your own .
Akhlas and several relatives escaped .
But there are no completion deadlines .
The resulting campaign ran nine years .
Traps must be immobile to be effective .
Citi says the claims are without merit .
Prices rose in the quarter for chicken .
Cook spinach no longer than one minute .
Everything else is invented nonsense .
The small deposit helps prevent theft .
Just one deal would help ungum markets .
There is no harm at all in being prudent .
It would be a bloody and thankless task .
Two people were killed and one wounded .
Saturday services were also affected .
Nader has to look at the bigger picture .
She served a little more than two weeks .
He added that he had sought counseling .
All four were taken to a local hospital .
Financial regulation is the big theme .
I was not even a month old went it went up .
Three candidates are on the shortlist .
This is code for teaching creationism .
He was a cool guy with a criminal record .
I wanted to give my family the same gift .
Beck should take his tea baggers there .
It wanted to engage with all countries .
The smallest ball belongs to ping pong .
Demjanjuk says he was a prisoner of war .
Others look at communications skills .
Chairmanships are based on seniority .
The challenge ahead is not impossible .
His comedic timing was completely off .
Federer is the greatest tennis player .
The schools encourage girls to enroll .
This would send the sport a true signal .
A crew was needed to undertake a search .
He is mostly indifferent offensively .
Try it out and let us know what you think .
Israel does not comment on these cases .
Obama remains strong on the home front .
We do not underestimate the challenge .
They are standing on their own two feet .
Otherwise much more blood will be shed .
The green lobby stokes up safety fears .
That makes many people uncomfortable .
I lost the skin on about half of the foot .
I know that we will go to the sectionals .
I know how that playmate must have felt .
Right next door will be a pile of rubble .
Let them seize the future in both hands .
She also enjoys running on a treadmill .
The finger went up and the roof came off .
That is the focus of the investigation .
He has denied having an affair with her .
Many took refuge on their shanty roofs .
The current market is finely balanced .
Improbably expected to line up as prop .
Two things go wrong with nutritionism .
This could be a wonderful opportunity .
Time to start scoring some direct hits .
It is up to the judge to approve the deal .
Why not listen and read at the same time .
Russia has become very authoritarian .
She died three weeks later in hospital .
Such upheaval would be controversial .
All new species utilize cannabinoids .
Tyler suffered massive head injuries .
There was no name given for that person .
If he keeps spending taxes are going up .
No other hair color had the same effect .
I got through to the class with that one .
I have worn it for many portraits since .
I am preparing for a kidney transplant .
Unfortunately it all ended in tragedy .
And an enjoyable round of pass the buck .
A lot of questions will need answering .
I know their memories of me may be fuzzy .
The government denies the accusation .
He wants a separate regulatory agency .
The renovated gym smells like a new car .
We started to run and followed in panic .
Fiat currencies are not backed by gold .
But more competition is on the horizon .
I thought that was the clue in its title .
The give and take becomes more testier .
Neither appears interested in the job .
He has been hyped as the next sensation .
And that is what the people should know .
He then raised the alarm at a nearby pub .
I thought it would take a little longer .
That might be hard for some to remember .
I always suggest first that they adopt .
He later confirmed they were divorced .
But they were definitely too big for me .
They reported her missing the next day .
There is no other obvious alternative .
Unemployed youths provide the muscle .
It seems sometimes a little bit vulgar .
She will be sentenced later this month .
Cue much hysteria in the fashion press .
It is unclear when trading will resume .
Please be specific about how that is so .
Then the alarm system was reactivated .
Russia blamed the crash on pilot error .
Everyone has encountered this notion .
No approach is going to work perfectly .
To band together to restrain the horde .
I have no reason to doubt either of them .
You really are not in a position to know .
But he has little chance of succeeding .
Something is not right with these days .
There is some criminal liability here .
Rwanda denies its forces are involved .
As the game went on it hurt more and more .
People have a lot of lung problems here .
I wonder if it is not so much classics vs.
No one has claimed responsibility yet .
Here come some more visions of success .
There could be thousands of job losses .
No plea was made and the case continued .
I do not think it a false or fake picture .
But this is not necessarily a bad thing .
The soggy filling fell out into his lap .
A good choice for a name you might think .
It was the season opener for both teams .
The system is not without controversy .
But its main thrusts already are clear .
I feel an almost immediate difference .
This relates to the climate challenge .
I could also see fractional ownership .
Sotomayor is expected to be confirmed .
We had a similar situation with our son .
Hera was incensed and struck him blind .
Redaction should always be explained .
Many militants seek refuge in the area .
They let it slip through their fingers .
An ancient wrong would thus be righted .
Others may not even meet that standard .
That kind of talk makes others nervous .
It fits into the environment very well .
The next day it showed up in promotions .
He knew the anatomy of these creatures .
He appeared with six other defendants .
The pond is stocked with bass and bream .
Democrats hold a majority on the panel .
She suspects the police fired the shot .
Smart said that might not be a bad thing .
At least not for more than a few decades .
She obviously has problems either way .
Yushchenko rejected the accusations .
One other victim has not yet been named .
Internet privacy advocates oppose it .
We are going to play by different rules .
Witnesses did help with a description .
Both nearly made spectacular returns .
Another factor is the size of the slump .
Attempts to do so have ended in failure .
I ended up paying off her medical bills .
But that assistance will not last long .
The span reopened in time for rush hour .
But a few brief points are worth making .
It was well organized and well planned .
He was our only bachelor president too .
You could say it has an identity crisis .
Germany largely rose to the challenge .
People kept arriving to join the group .
Birthdays are a big thing in my culture .
This clearly shows that is not the case .
We felt just like be cheated and fooled .
Some are expecting an even bigger drop .
No date has yet been set for the hearing .
This is extremely unlikely in our view .
They taught me literally from scratch .
Toshiba said no decision has been made .
But the architect put a brave face on it .
You seem to be in the right place though .
Assuming there still is a destination .
The bull moved closer to the iron fence .
Buy techy gadgets to mark the occasion .
Rinse the white beans under cold water .
Every movie eventually fades to black .
She has to keep her city from drying out .
No team could lose more than one player .
A pair of boys told him how stupid he was .
He says there are studies that prove it .
The economy and jobs topped the agenda .
It has all the panache of a museum space .
His stock could rise or fall quite a bit .
The approval process takes three days .
Everybody can play the grievance game .
International praise was not uniform .
Oral arguments will be held in the fall .
Spotting a rare coin takes experience .
Her eyebrows rise in mock incredulity .
But the bank stopped cashing my checks .
Bad and cruel nursing is unacceptable .
Some stats you might find interesting .
The competitors are unable to respond .
Republicans opposed any tax increase .
I find it very ironic that the same grou .
He strenuously denied any wrongdoing .
The challenge is a reluctance to spend .
Back and forth with nothing being done .
But hopefully the snow will get better .
They took place but proved unfruitful .
I am not defending a national position .
Each week there will be three sections .
All this led to his recording contract .
Not a few diners bring digital cameras .
But few see returning home as an option .
Enough in there to get the ball rolling .
It said it was in effect an overtime ban .
The coalition has declined to comment .
Not very recognizable from past years .
I was really delighted to participate .
I understand only half of what she says .
Building permits continue to decline .
The taxpayer already pay for medicare .
Women started flocking to those games .
All were attending fertility clinics .
Protests have been held over the plans .
Goolsbee has denied that formulation .
The trailer shows the two actors in bed .
At issue is the distribution of assets .
Probably self certification no doubt .
Obama also faces a skeptical military .
He is very honest about his skepticism .
But the margin of victory was shocking .
And the results have been astonishing .
I think scales are the work of the devil .
Take small loads of snow on your shovel .
They quickly spread across a huge area .
Except that ads make you think about it .
There is another conflict of interest .
She wants a new home and a new beginning .
Exclusions and limitations may apply .
He was released on unconditional bail .
Not unlike our exercise with the cards .
The militant group vowed to retaliate .
I really think his apology was sincere .
And collecting information is costly .
She knocks out about three books a year .
Test cricket is losing the will to live .
But he offers a more soothing response .
It is not just an individual behaviour .
Proof that fashion really has no mercy .
Soon she was sure the baby girl was hers .
The scheme has already proved popular .
More government funds are being spent .
Resources were stretched to the limit .
The men who visit seem to be interested .
The scan also uncovered the broken leg .
Yet the two books are peculiarly alike .
Morgenthau says he regrets such cases .
A job transfer brought the eldest back .
No one has ever died during the rituals .
There are a couple of things you can try .
We still woke up twice during the night .
To say so is not only mean and dishonest .
Into his palm drops a single toothpick .
We have all these competing interests .
Consumers simply like physical media .
The door flew open with a booming sound .
But he hardly ever provides specifics .
Post the designs around the classroom .
The reason for his release was unclear .
And yet it appears to be unprecedented .
I say those were the only clothes we had .
Scott wrote that the sun set in the east .
He will need all the goodwill he can get .
The survivors were rushed to hospital .
The damage has not been insignificant .
He said oversight is his chief concern .
Glick did not say who would succeed her .
Male champions can easily earn double .
A surreptitious thumbs up gave it away .
Woods was fuming over the missed putts .
Five members of his family were killed .
Fry the bread on both sides in olive oil .
His work was almost entirely academic .
Three related suits are still pending .
His heart was beating outside his body .
Disposable parts with limited voices .
I have very fond memories of that place .
Taking chances sometimes does pay off .
He also runs a small building business .
Cameron has to be prepared to make cuts .
But this should never be a blank cheque .
Beat more buzzers than a tardy student .
Court proceedings were moving slowly .
Twenty percent of that group are women .
Credit cards are a confusing business .
He added three more birdies after that .
Some of those differences are obvious .
Finding them should not be the problem .
Make sure you get seat assignments too .
It is not yet clear what weapon was used .
America did not originate the concept .
Pushy women are less likely to be hired .
The kebabs had been fully assimilated .
Two other men were arrested in the case .
I was behind on pretty much everything .
Some things are best left undiscussed .
There is precedent for that happening .
We have the confidence that we can do it .
I am sick and tired of being painted wit .
Both said they were reviewing the plan .
The major component in tires is rubber .
That seems quite enough to worry about .
Some people just like being skeptical .
She said reforms would soon be in place .
He throws shapes from beyond the grave .
Problem commercial loans also jumped .
Their confidence has been vindicated .
No such clause existed in the contract .
Moscow has also ruled out extradition .
Bennett was not available for comment .
He said he hoped to work four more years .
It is a better chance to get recognized .
Iowa was the only other state to do that .
But the current study is not one of them .
She always comes up with something new .
A bit later we heard the rumbling again .
His election alone killed our economy .
Schooltogethernow is very different .
All the companies declined to comment .
But tough comparisons are nothing new .
No community deserves to be demonized .
It has already sent warships to find it .
The raging waters claim two more lives .
The response was swift and voluminous .
Many wonder if his health will hold out .
It is well protected from the elements .
Delsym product to its trade customers.
The abusers were not shown in the video .
Everything appears ready for his exit .
And they will lack comprehensiveness .
Terms were not immediately disclosed .
This stuff has been around for decades .
He plans to focus on campaign coverage .
Nobody is trying to imprison the other .
Serve tumbled over the frisee lettuce .
The student places his hand on the disc .
Of course it is all different in one way .
No wonder the parrots are celebrating .
Roeder said it was freezing in his cell .
And with that he has nothing more to say .
Fill taco shells with ceviche mixture .
The story repeats itself over and over .
The four no longer work at the cemetery .
He said his client was acting on orders .
He has said he would resign if indicted .
Between the two there is a perfect soil .
History can be an interesting teacher .
The strain became obvious to everyone .
Politicians are joining the campaign .
He gave a totally natural performance .
Suddenly the roars became even louder .
Otters are congenitally happy beasts .
Women especially get the worst of this .
It went on to sell half a million copies .
The results of all three have improved .
You could say that is taking advantage .
No one answered calls to her cell phone .
It has also made her see how loved she is .
They have got to try to reassure people .
His solutions will be eagerly awaited .
He went with his instinct and signed on .
A memorial gathering is being planned .
Alcoholism plagues the civil service .
Now they tend to keep a very low profile .
Now the hard part starts for both teams .
And they talk about politicians lying .
This is a clear positive for the shares .
We take that duty extremely seriously .
Pando has reportedly fled the country .
With that power comes responsibility .
It also produces very few side effects .
And the vegetarians were going hungry .
They shall become a company of nations .
No matter the conditions on the ground .
When you die you wont take anything you.
The rest trusted the levees would hold .
Data centers can be such touchy things .
The correct figure was in the millions .
Cheney has a history of heart problems .
A general election is due within a year .
Everyone else is pretty funny about it .
They also look at why past cases failed .
Two rebels were killed in the fighting .
Some of the award has already been paid .
Williams had seven assists in the half .
Most of us know who you are without them .
Stong features demand strong colours .
Mauresmo hopes she has turned a corner .
His works have been maintenance moves .
But the wars are the fundamental cause .
Johnson is staying away to make a point .
What scares her is infectious disease .
Plenty to play for today though people .
Now it seems homes cant do without them .
He was a voice crying in the wilderness .
Edwards was fatally shot by an officer .
A high team defensive ranking is a must .
Fateev is at ease with such variations .
Now is the time to banish past spectres .
One possible case is also being tested .
The supercomputer itself fills a room .
The same for consensual adult drug use .
A court has twice rejected the charges .
It opened for business only last month .
You need a job offer to get a work permit .
Here are excerpts from the discussion .
But the fact remains that he is correct .
And they have had all of the advantages .
She would not have been induced at home .
I had left my old job and went to a new one .
He appealed to our love of the underdog .
He personally appoints all ministers .
Members of his press corps do not agree .
As usual there is alot to consider here .
But freedom will prove no deliverance .
They loved manipulating the pictures .
But many will probably now fail anyway .
But feel free to be intimidated anyway .
They have admitted as much themselves .
Not all of them are about the day itself .
It caused an eerie silence in the court .
Tickets are also available at the door .
I guess the carrots offset the hot dogs .
This was not mentioned in this article .
And also when it is really visual music .
Some have won the award multiple times .
It seems to be all she knows how to do now .
Utility workers are also set to strike .
He was seen wearing a blue baseball cap .
He needed to apologize to my daughters .
He discussed their problems with them .
Neither are fur coats or fancy ski duds .
The problems did not appear yesterday .
This is why the war will never truly end .
They are still waiting for their money .
Deferred inspections are nothing new .
Science for the most part is value free .
And the medical help is somewhat dicey .
Although it may be time for a promotion .
Mozart remains a major preoccupation .
Truly a beautiful tradition to behold .
Thanks for helping me to laugh out loud .
Txeroki was the hardest of hardliners .
Charges against the wife were pending .
Obama has in fact admitted to mistakes .
Connelly pleaded guilty to the charge .
It gets even more ridiculous than that .
One firefighter died of a heart attack .
The decision has sparked controversy .
But responsibility does not end there .
Much of that speculation is misplaced .
Fixing destroys that element of trust .
Other touches of her childhood remain .
But the lottery has ruined everything .
And the repair never happened that day .
She had enough trouble concentrating .
Someone has to handle the maintenance .
They helped tend the vegetable garden .
We went through the available options .
No wonder your listing agent is so lazy .
I appreciate the article and comments .
A scan showed him good to play this week .
He denies wrongdoing and is appealing .
She has excellent odds to be nominated .
This is a poorly researched hack piece .
It was an evening heavy with hyperbole .
This has been a great week for veterans .
Some parents said the rule goes too far .
I just could not believe the situation .
I love dipping spears into a boiled egg .
Even layabouts have to have standards .
A further two units could then be built .
She packed clothes and emergency bags .
He and his partner had bid to six spades .
I have cherished each and every moment .
He has waited a long time for his chance .
The numbers would seem to bear that out .
A decision could take up to four months .
The interaction quickly degenerated .
But he makes an exception for cervelas .
Many men died building those channels .
That strategy has its attractions too .
More on how your baby should be dressed .
I only saw older women in these clothes .
Cohl is now a consultant to the company .
Fish should have corrected the record .
He is also quite exhilarating to watch .
How they ignored those who warned them .
Avoid an excessive variety of choices .
Today the troop number is still rising .
Instead he gets stood up on a blind date .
Its educational system is ramshackle .
This is too serious a time to disengage .
The buds on the trees are clenched shut .
It would have had an evolutionary edge .
Revenue is improving but remains weak .
The outrage did not blind her judgment .
But there are some lessons for all of us .
Skunk is now no longer my vice of choice .
She leans into me and stares intensely .
And will make these groups answerable .
Employees are worried about more cuts .
She left the center earlier this month .
Those words have come back to haunt her .
So we made that record with that in mind .
I doubt anyone has read the whole thing .
Sales tax can be deductible at tax time .
He repeatedly wiped sweat off his brow .
They insist they will not go back to war .
Those moments are ancient history now .
The consequences can be even more dire .
I get my hair cut every four to six weeks .
Better to simply paint roof tops white .
The message is hardly groundbreaking .
He tells her business was a little slow .
The patient would drop where she stood .
With the black it looks like a honey bee .
Hull were flying this time last season .
He yanks his hand brake up at every stop .
Fickle foreigners have almost no sway .
A package arrived and he ripped it open .
Little was done to assess my potential .
Here are some jolly ideas for food fans .
Photos will be available upon request .
Radio stations called for interviews .
But he has not always appeared content .
Yet the water will be only a simulation .
All were asked not to change their diet .
The other was getting ready for school .
Cover with cloches in extreme weather .
Police have banned all public rallies .
There have been no reports of injuries .
Police are investigating the killing .
No middleman is going to cheat us again .
There were no other immediate details .
He knows also how to flatter his allies .
Nobody on television sums it up better .
The ending is another disappointment .
I never do more than one phrase at a time .
A police officer was among the injured .
Let me give you a very specific example .
Germany is governed by hidden rituals .
An indictment is merely an accusation .
Eight thousand fans held their breath .
That seems to be the root of the problem .
Kotz would not comment on his findings .
They are quite happy with anybody else .
Martinez smiled and politely refused .
He is just dragging out the inevitable .
They turned powerlessness inside out .
Now they have taken a turn for the worse .
Got a little place there not to long ago .
Or consider the curbs on executive pay .
But my inclination is to stay and fight .
Sherwood will be sentenced next month .
The worst talk show ever in television .
Demchak asked himself again and again .
Continued from back page manager said .
The officer had to be forcibly removed .
Nobody has been arrested at this stage .
A guy hands me a fresh stack of leaflets .
Paying attention to detail is crucial .
There are the really important papers .
Money and more money for the super rich .
Americans feel the slippage every day .
Hamilton has been on the money thus far .
The other half will pay a lot less for it .
That was on the other side of the street .
We are not a turn the other cheek nation .
Surgery was the only option left to him .
Then she dropped off the fashion radar .
The perfume is heady as you tramp along .
The possible charge was not disclosed .
Most of them cluster at the very bottom .
Burning leaves is a waste of good humus .
This is not the case in most situations .
The setting was inspirational and apt .
But now corruption has been monetized .
My mom schedules it like a press junket .
That process could take several weeks .
Then there are administrative delays .
Miami simply fell too far behind early .
As far as itemized bills are concerned .
Sure seems to me like wishful thinking .
Beltran homered leading off the sixth .
They showed him the script for the show .
Economics is often about hard choices .
All featured premium rate phone lines .
The fatal accident inquiry continues .
Loved ones can help with the shoveling .
He is guilty of neglect if nothing else .
Last week freeper had a hair in his soup .
Schwarzenegger has taken no position .
I had back problems all the way through .
Everything was staged for the cameras .
Wait and see before making judgements .
There is nothing new about the concept .
Congress tried to establish a balance .
They sit around his bed and stare at him .
He praised the use of force by the state .
When the rocket scientist got the girl .
Listen to an excerpt of their last call .
He took refuge in the drama department .
I made my case and she sounded positive .
Arsenal have started on the front foot .
Neither can be named for legal reasons .
The land would be designated parkland .
A few civilians walked past nervously .
I have no intention of suffering alone .
Dryer was stubborn about the decision .
They were quite surprised at my answer .
There are times when life imitates art .
There are various estimates out there .
It was removed when corpse was exhumed .
Those laughs never slide into mockery .
Pub companies were also out of fashion .
The president may indeed be desperate .
The frustration boiled over this week .
This is something very personal for me .
Not enough of those in this world today .
No wonder operators are so interested .
Another is accepting responsibility .
The judges rip cute to pieces by the end .
The more common response was to stay in .
He slept through the night and ate well .
This prompted a great rush of activity .
The section that covers population re.
It was unclear exactly what this meant .
Just make sure your lights are working .
Authorities had largely given up hope .
Touch those icons to read the comments .
But that has not laid the doubts to rest .
A dough can be overkneaded in a machine .
But we knew there was something rotten .
That market seems to be doing just fine .
Installation is planned for this year .
He was paid from the money he collected .
From its street food to the fine dining .
I have a dachshund and a border terrier .
The team will have a new field this year .
There is no sign of that happening soon .
A battery is made up of one or more cells .
The customer declined to give his name .
Things look a bit better than a week ago .
The fashion house denied any friction .
These men and women are professionals .
Toyota has not commented on the repair .
He is fatigued after a draining season .
Google makes deep reading impossible .
But the migraines have almost stopped .
The effects were not immediately felt .
They fashion their own hooks and lures .
It could have happened to any of you too .
I was a little late in joining the group .
Hiddink must devise another strategy .
He thinks other cabbies have no excuse .
It is no friend to reluctance or nuance .
You are just helping them to be debtors.
Witnesses at the scene describe udder .
Staff is lower at night and on weekends .
That is a question for others to answer .
The road was closed in both directions .
Sexuality extends from birth to death .
Help for the latest fashion emergency .
At least he is brave enough to tackle it .
I hope he never comes on your show again .
I was supposed to be having epiphanies .
Obama is not going to end the war on herb .
We never did get a picture of that moose .
Few living things stirred in the water .
It al depends how you conduct yourself .
Even some activity is better than none .
If you find out further just let me know .
Or cynicism with an optimistic streak .
The bill sailed through both chambers .
It would not apply to people in transit .
The rest of the children remain stable .
Other changes must also be considered .
It operates through a series of crises .
Thousands of normal citizens compete .
We have our own solution to the problem .
It was truly a day of mass emancipation .
But we are going to get a package passed .
Federer is playing phenomenal tennis .
You could take the philosophy farther .
Everyone had their head in their hands .
A settlement was reached before trial .
He is pushing ahead with his own reform .
Police said there were no disruptions .
The palace is to be turned into a museum .
Find out how much the property is worth .
Putin did not name a party or candidate .
The property is not without its faults .
He gave up two hits and struck out three .
And then the strangest thing happened .
This is what our citizens are learning .
Designers need to stretch themselves .
No one was injured in the disturbances .
Twelve other suspects remain at large .
It would be inhuman not to feel the pain .
But human frailties play a big role too .
The money quickly caused him problems .
China comes out in a tight zone defense .
Jack up the base to raise your standard .
All you worried about is refugee state .
The problem is they are not rich people .
She also barters for the smaller stuff .
There were bits and pieces everywhere .
Selecting the right noodle is also key .
The light can be used in different ways .
At first it was funny for all concerned .
There is cunning behind this glum talk .
Their worst issue was keyboard design .
I started noticing them a few years ago .
A woman is also charged as an accessory .
Rwanda falls within those parameters .
A little perspective is required here .
Two of the vehicles blockaded each end .
Three boxes of primers were also found .
Police worked the case for three years .
Property companies were out of favour .
A rep for the actor declined to comment .
Make space in front of your television .
They are being questioned by officers .
But the plant closure will still sting .
But large upscale hotels are on the way .
The communists have denied the charge .
We are just looking for clarification .
My life before the war was a normal life .
Bouts of depression marked his career .
The markets may not be fully efficient .
There are other adverse consequences .
Statins do have side effects in adults .
That is the meaning of his drunkenness .
Many of them make more money than you do .
Both companies have struggled lately .
A jury gave a unanimous guilty verdict .
He sees a pass and he has got goals in him .
Coastguards said he had been drinking .
Toss the meat in the flour and coat well .
Make sure that cellphones are charged .
No one can tell me these things are safe .
But it was not what anyone had hoped for .
The trade off is higher brain function .
Psychosis is never a reason for murder .
I may have missed something somewhere .
Running involves a bouncing movement .
Jump on board for a rollercoaster ride .
Yet the reality may be quite different .
Petitions to qualify both are pending .
Yields tend to rise on inflation fears .
Animals violating this law can be shot .
That did not happen with me at the wheel .
Talk about reducing health care costs .
Firm proposals will be published soon .
The young couple have not yet set a date .
But with that success came a challenge .
The biggest challenge is rising costs .
Stir the cucumber into the mayonnaise .
The house certainly needs an overhaul .
It is actually bad news for all cricket .
Corruption and inefficiency are rife .
Obama is ambitious and inexperienced .
Hence the interest in cloud computing .
But only franchised dealers get those .
No wonder teenagers live on this stuff .
Hopefully this will make her stronger .
There is no other choice for number one .
It is unprecedented at the onset of one .
But a long period of decline then set in .
Buy some good clothes and get a haircut .
Even estate agents are being cautious .
She was the first woman to hold the post .
Probably it makes them more outspoken .
Homes near the plant were also damaged .
Not to mention the wonderful melodies .
But in the past few years it has stalled .
I applaud you for thinking creatively .
Just five percent say it is not serious .
But its bad reputation is hard to shake .
Win concession and wait for an opening .
Make sure you can close the door easily .
And we turn the movies into a ghost town .
Khalil had picked him up and kissed him .
Marco paddled for nine straight hours .
Israeli officials also had no comment .
We live in a highly eroticised society .
I saw him in the reflection from a light .
Falling short of the margin once again .
Now governments are becoming keen too .
More and more own their own businesses .
Color of the skin want matter in the end .
They then proceeded to feed the meters .
The area has also witnessed race riots .
So came the collapse of the carry trade .
The entire country is drowned in shock .
Rest assured that this will be the case .
It repaid that money during the summer .
He wiggled his fingers for his buddies .
And you need more brands in your quiver .
Telephones were still scarce gadgets .
They immediately thought of me as dark .
Rescuers described appalling scenes .
I hope they jail eveery last one of them .
You will be given access to an attorney .
But sophistication came at a high cost .
The same applies for younger children .
Maintenance and labour costs are high .
And that raised the risk of bankruptcy .
Fred is shredded and the sheds are dead .
It is easy to see why the tide has turned .
Guerrero is a hotbed for drug violence .
There was not time to test the question .
But so do defenestration and lollygag .
Sometimes it had a light matching coat .
They determine our government policy .
I was made to feel like a cog in a machine .
The police have not linked the attacks .
Obama is an active member of the church .
He then dished the dirt to their rivals .
It was also a melting pot of influences .
Three policemen were among those hurt .
He is aware of the anger directed at him .
Downing had denied the charge in court .
The drinks industry was incandescent .
Pits and flesh should separate easily .
Remove from the heat when thick enough .
Gilt yields remain remarkably benign .
He thinks the shares remain good value .
Dryman disappeared three years later .
I appreciate that and understand that .
Sometimes you have to just settle down .
She laughs briefly then lets out a sigh .
Twice he allowed just one goal in a game .
Help us to be able to protect ourselves .
Other efforts by outsiders helped too .
And this is the very heart of the matter .
Then that marriage falls apart as well .
He autographed some of their pictures .
We see this as a bilateral negotiation .
Those details have now been published .
The extent of his injuries is not known .
Voters from any party can participate .
But then they take away the new paddles .
We have to have some incentives as well .
She is critical but stable in hospital .
Dictate the terms and win quality ball .
Some think it boosts the immune system .
I simply carry it home and give it to her .
I thought the artist would understand .
Police found the pair about a mile away .
He declined to confirm or deny the move .
Drinking alcohol makes for better sex .
Thompson seems determined to find out .
Ward is doing his bit to keep it that way .
But that claim keeps being challenged .
But free clinics can be underutilized .
That points to another potential snag .
They were parasites who lived off of us .
Thanks for voting him in all you idiots .
This is a brilliant opportunity for me .
They are so few things to so many people .
But surely there is more to it than that .
Contingency is more the air we breathe .
It does not generate any visible light .
They deny allegations of dirty tricks .
But that obstacle has now been removed .
Security is still the utmost priority .
On changes to the trade union movement .
Drugs were the solution to my problems .
They may even make the situation worse .
My son would thank you too if he was able .
Working off the calories is essential .
I knew older cars from that era were def.
It has crude language and brief nudity .
Investors continued to embrace bonds .
But his rhetoric has raised the stakes .
But he said that could change next year .
Enjoyed most of the comments this time .
He later switched to beach volleyball .
It said he should retract the comments .
We call every road trip a business trip .
A beautiful woman glided in front of me .
Left to itself the hedge would recover .
Neither of these options is palatable .
Henry was hardly contrite afterwards .
And they have names for those children .
New construction obliterated others .
They were let into their dressing room .
Tune in from your plush couch and enjoy .
Winfrey was not available for comment .
The way we travel is damaging our towns .
Restaurants and outdoor cafes abound .
But there is not much left to undermine .
Knight has a history of legal problems .
The state is seeking the death penalty .
He said the boys were stable but poorly .
Very few of these are memorably quirky .
We knew we had to take advantage of that .
Those parties criticised her remarks .
Twenty eight pounds in the first month .
The agents of captivity are closing in .
Both numbers are impossible to verify .
Take your time and plan before you play .
The moral abdication was intentional .
He appears to be a legend in his own mind .
It is a turning point in history indeed .
They use different tactics these days .
It was easy to reach the levels they set .
I think that is just cheap politicking .
Another jurisprudential innovation .
Let us get one important fact straight .
Money is no substitute for leadership .
He would flee noisy school assemblies .
He also survived a troubled childhood .
She accepts no unemployment benefits .
Obviously we both believe in marriage .
Some sites make money in all these ways .
Mandell holds a fundraiser every year .
The little scams became more apparent .
Please can someone stand up and lead us .
House prices may have stopped falling .
The automakers are on a tight timeline .
But still the apartments remain empty .
The cause of the explosion was unknown .
The author is available for interview .
No arrests were made in any of the raids .
In every case the filming is excellent .
No one quite knows what to do about jobs .
The transporter was carrying a digger .
The second leg will be played next week .
It is really disgusting in my age group .
But she cannot joke about this for long .
He was given a suspended jail sentence .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
There also are legal or ethical issues .
Take out the haddock and put to one side .
Her diabetes had never been diagnosed .
But other areas are proving difficult .
Major stock indexes overseas slumped .
But he had three more bogeys after that .
Have a look at the charts of stock price .
There will be a record abstention rate .
They sense your mounting frustration .
She needs to just calm everything down .
The two men smiled and even shook hands .
Guess what the oil prices came down too .
This is wonderful news for this family .
Alford said he did not have any details .
Perhaps it was the cool and wet weather .
She turned and heard a tremendous boom .
We do not need any more nuclear weapons .
Each state uses this help differently .
The survivors will be unstoppable now .
The tank swerved back left to avoid him .
Politicians live or die by television .
Continue to cook another minute or two .
The younger boy managed to swim ashore .
More have quietly gone out of business .
But auction funds may not materialize .
Your car could get parked on the street .
The synagogue telephone line was busy .
So she sought ways to make a difference .
He is not thinking as much as preaching .
But this makes for skewed comparisons .
It was part of a test across the country .
I know two of the people who were killed .
Dogs cause many problems for wildlife .
It is a sobering thought for the sector .
But the economic gloom can be overdone .
It crashed on the outskirts of the city .
A comely lady smiled from behind a desk .
I have a question about scale and scope .
The project continues again next year .
That must be terrifying for a defender .
Pettigrew has never failed a drug test .
Noah was recovering from a foot injury .
The three men were remanded in custody .
As with every generation there is a gap .
Two were pronounced dead at hospitals .
One little mare had a tiny foal with her .
Eventually the message will take hold .
Dylan was forbidden to go to the toilet .
Her only relief comes while she sleeps .
He tell me about himself and his summer .
The cavernous lobby was largely empty .
Then his embouchure went and he gave up .
He checks the chart of his next patient .
So jumped into the world of consulting .
I thought maybe someone would whistle .
The aluminum frame is strong and light .
I wanted to hit my head against the wall .
A friend suggested marriage guidance .
I keep forgetting to carry the numbers .
The whole world has problems like this .
This was happening more and more often .
If you need advice the job is not for you .
Her frantic husband called the police .
But the chef has pulled its punchiness .
They appear to have simply gone astray .
The man is being studied and discussed .
Our shrinkage is the lowest you can get .
This is a disgrace and surely not legal .
Early indications were inconclusive .
There is nothing wrong with these boys .
Urmanov also had a penchant for gloves .
There is a will to just right this wrong .
I introduced myself and asked her name .
The deal is supposed to last six months .
Both adjectives are understatements .
Nearly all of them were later released .
The message from the manager was clear .
But the barflies are an unlikely bunch .
Supporters challenge the conviction .
The phone rang unanswered at the hotel .
But even his own manager was impressed .
Those cigarettes are going to kill you .
Now she makes a single monthly payment .
These can cost well into the thousands .
Many more such commitments are needed .
But it is not the weapon that it once was .
Certainly it is not evidence of safety .
Then over the years the system changed .
I rose again and was punched down again .
All had underlying health conditions .
Sentiment for banks was much gloomier .
In this election every vote is crucial .
He admitted they were having an affair .
I wish she would just go ahead and strip .
Other sources said the toll was higher .
These figures are strongly contested .
The financial markets fell on the news .
He also was shot several times and died .
Now if only they knew the name of the pig .
But the higher court judges disagreed .
Quirky new characters are introduced .
They will also be forced to compromise .
We only know the other when we dialogue .
The two had been together for six years .
Staying current is a proven lifesaver .
It is a thing of beauty and a joy forever .
The title alone makes it a protest play .
The other ingredients are up for grabs .
I did not go public with any complaints .
I walk into the far entrance of the cafe .
Then their big bats finally went quiet .
I think it will not sink in for a few days .
Cannabis and cash has also been seized .
You seem to enjoy the simple things now .
But government schools are out of luck .
There were no children of the marriage .
His seat was long thought impregnable .
Lester struck out seven and walked one .
There had been some towels drying on it .
It was not quite a triumph of logistics .
The researchers tracked the patients .
Perhaps it is simply selective memory .
Take the time to check product reviews .
They are in it for the cash and the power .
And an agent of the wrong kind of change .
I could see the enthusiasm they exuded .
Empty computer boxes sit in the corner .
There were people standing in a circle .
Hayden has missed the last three games .
Taylor defaulted in only seven months .
There is a drug problem in this country .
He drank all his lunch money last night .
Nothing looks crazy on any of the scans .
But some were prepared to be forgiving .
It is not clear what caused the problem .
She only narrowly escapes being raped .
It just pulls the rug out from under you .
I needed to improve that side of my game .
My sympathies to those who were killed .
This is an extremely serious response .
Rudd said only six children had come by .
Two hitchhikers appeared in the midst .
It could use more of her old feistiness .
Others are struggling just to survive .
What has changed is the size of the bill .
Correctamundo or not as the case may be .
He has the right to appeal the sentence.
Bailey now uses the walkstation daily .
Maybe we thought we were further along .
Sitting down it looked pretty darn hot .
The journey back to the office is tough .
It is easy to preach from the sidelines .
The jury had deliberated for nine days .
Russia has so far called for restraint .
His eyes were streaming tears of blood .
That was followed by the troop request .
Cuts would merely raise unemployment .
The paragraph was not only gratuitous .
That seems to be part of the problem too .
The room actually seems to grow darker .
I have no quarrel with the opening move .
How bold the colours appear in an image .
Realize delays could work against you .
We had a great sense of pride last night .
It gave me nightmares for years to come .
It promised subsidies to help farmers .
The film is merely an exercise in style .
One witness said he had seen two bodies .
Both aircraft plunge toward the water .
All our arrangements were in the front .
The car driving into me had no lights on .
Victory would have guaranteed safety .
The weather forecast is good for today .
That gap is out at over four minutes now .
They say they are committed to staying .
Balance sheet ratios remained strong .
The outlook for our climate is complex .
Obama is thus acting entirely legally .
This includes couples facing divorce .
These celebs are so full of themselves .
Churches will ignore it at their peril .
Clothes can be part of the distraction .
Matisyahu was not always so observant .
But he at least came up with one pearler .
The climax is something of a damp squib .
Some were residents who had lost homes .
That number is set to double next month .
Vaccine safety will be back in the news .
The case remains under investigation .
Ireland had been shot twice in the head .
Thieves promptly stole one such panel .
Lopez was the second student called on .
The data seems to support the optimism .
They torture and kill their prisoners .
They hide their chicks in rice paddies .
School transport may also be affected .
The success of our nation depends on it .
Equipment was also seized in the raids .
My lawyers say our case is an injustice .
He clearly has a career after baseball .
Her body and plane has never been found .
Black people are not made of chocolate .
I am sorry so many people have lost jobs .
But life had a different script in mind .
Not even sports could escape the gloom .
The numbers show it was a good strategy .
His condition is believed to be stable .
They say nothing much about the future .
I had trouble suspending my disbelief .
Rockingham was taken off the schedule .
A child will be starting at university .
He is expected to be out at least a month .
Lawlessness and hunger are on the rise .
But there was that slobber to deal with .
He overcame all these terrible things .
And what a strange victory party it was .
Their nationalities are not yet known .
Yet no one knows how bad things will get .
If that sounds alarmist consider this .
So began a crackdown on the protesters .
An epiphany inspires detoxification .
I thought one of us was going to pass out .
The one has nothing to do with the other .
That obviously caused some attention .
Nudity is wrong in the water closet too .
All this would be easier said than done .
One little boy was found safe in a motel .
Bryant kicked three field goals in all .
Then they should trade with each other .
The bass bell posed more of a challenge .
Classical concerts are little better .
Discover what happens after you flush .
My penny antic was not meant seriously .
Wedding venues have noticed the trend .
These neocons are a danger to humanity .
He was a healthy scratch the last three .
On the outside she was happy and bubbly .
Her sound has always been distinctive .
The nuclear test further damaged ties .
You blub about the cruel waste of a life .
Start planning for some more free time .
All affected areas are supercan areas .
The last thing any of us want is ghettos .
All the ballot measures are in trouble .
I got caught and was given an ultimatum .
No hearing was immediately scheduled .
The car ran off the road and hit the tree .
She decided to try wearing a head scarf .
All companies are thirsty for capital .
The mayonnaise needs more lemon juice .
Turned out she had a huge stomach ulcer .
You can always buy stuff you need there .
Confidence in our security apparatus .
They are familiarity and reassurance .
Imagine if the schools were a hospital .
Another one went right through his arm .
Officials have said it was a meteorite .
A spokesman said it was making changes .
They at last have the chance to act on it .
This sounds de rigueur for admen today .
The decision has still to be finalised .
Never did a name seem so inappropriate .
The players change and the world turns .
Khartoum does not recognize the court .
To cease upon the midnight with no pain .
We are not taking our foot off the pedal .
The couple now have two small children .
And it really puts things in a new light .
They are seriously all of my favorites .
Spain also shrank in the third quarter .
Some crash into each other in heavy fog .
Sikes could not be reached for comment .
That would be a serious blow to the blog .
That raises a whole new set of problems .
Security has become a paramount issue .
Others just tossed caution to the wind .
None of the teens were likely runaways .
Rakove is more punctilious and formal .
Bernhardt has retired from the league .
His challenge now is not to disappoint .
Each was whistled for a technical foul .
That was a really dreadful experience .
It is a question of the new and old world .
Not that they needed any introduction .
The next drive was just more of the same .
This is simply a matter of perspective .
Occupants just have to yank up the fish .
Some found little comfort in religion .
Amy is both caregiver and breadwinner .
I was not injured but was very shaken up .
Not many of the great champions do that .
Address those who are really involved .
Boswell had little choice but to defer .
Her devoted following erupted in glee .
Altidore has the physique of a striker .
Run your hands along the carved stones .
Expansion can only make matters worse .
Large city buses were stuck in the snow .
Then quickly pass over his photograph .
He does not really have any weaknesses .
They also identified one new obstacle .
Tesla will build the factory on its own .
The other parties bought their voters .
And many of us spend even more than that .
Just watching footage made me cringed .
I certainly enjoyed eating local food .
War is war and should be fought that way .
The urgency is evident in their voices .
This is especially so in story telling .
All conditions can comfortably be met .
Foley could not be reached for comment .
Schools and healthcare are excellent .
More homes would have surely been lost .
Stevens the liberal wrote the dissent .
Just that one run off his first two over .
But that does not mean he has ignored it .
Bond prices rose as stocks pulled back .
And he used to say that to me all the time .
Armageddon could be around the corner .
Since clearly they think this is a game .
She bears a very heavy responsibility .
I understand two things from this news .
It might be parked there for a few years .
Germans are serious book enthusiasts .
Werth homered and scored a pair of runs .
The brain is undergoing a lot of change .
And those five are just the second unit .
Crouch is one of the important players .
Nobody has escaped that legacy damage .
One of them even stood on a nearby chair .
A vote for him would be a principled one .
They have done so with fair regularity .
It is not necessary to invent anything .
I cannot see much sadness in their eyes .
Both are charged with insurance fraud .
All the control is with the foreigners .
He had dreams of coffins being lined up .
But hopefully we can get the win we want .
But the figures are worth taking apart .
It was followed by strong aftershocks .
But he admitted things could be better .
I never felt threatened for an instant .
It is the only money easy for him to grab .
Bosses have mood swings like everyone .
He said it had been to pay off drug debts .
In one sense he is a perfect figurehead .
I dont care what people want to believe .
The ethanol business is a good example .
Most of those ventures are still going .
Now they need to start adhering to them .
Here too they worry about immigration .
Tell me the radio station call letters .
She says he should resign and seek help .
That conversation helps him not at all .
We have competing capital priorities .
Potassium chloride stopped his heart .
A lot of words have been spoken already .
Both sides have balked at the price tag .
Gonzales signs letter of resignation .
My headaches slowly started to go away .
The financial crash showed otherwise .
I liked the pork medallions with dates .
My grandchildren are evidence of that .
To me it became very scary at that point .
At this point karzai is a total problem .
It might have been funnier when it went .
Who could you do that to their own child .
But some of these qualities are at risk .
The rest of the programme was stunning .
The economic inactivity rate slipped .
It is not glamorizing plastic surgery .
He can tell when it was the right choice .
Just enough time for one last serenade .
I crawled to my bedroom and lay on my bed .
The biggest shift will be attitudinal .
The problem is not that people network .
He also invented the lie detector test .
The audience never sat down after that .
Perfectly cool for just the right look .
The police said the two men had escaped .
Maecenas pretium fermentum faucibus .
The heart was then slowly eased inside .
The rise is the fourth in the five weeks .
The casting could take a very long time .
Somewhere behind there must be a motor .
The aesthetics are also an unusual mix .
Its asymmetries are easy to criticise .
Incredible pollution and child labor .
Government spending has to be stopped .
Nobody in either incident was injured .
Toback does the best work of his career .
Only the sun can fix the satellite dish .
The couple already have a son together .
Good luck on the appeal in the meantime .
The first part of that is actually true .
He is also currently working on a novel .
The agreement is the second of its type .
They are not afraid of open discussion .
But that ground was laid for me already .
None is involved in making programmes .
The finishes were scrambled this time .
I wanted to go back into manufacturing .
Normally bustling beaches were empty .
And men want women not to want anything .
Pick the right time and the right place .
Living a difficult life kills the rest .
The need for clarity is now more urgent .
But a huge constraint is the fiscal one .
He enjoyed hearing her overselling it .
Furniture manufacturing flourished .
Sand and gravel then packed them solid .
He could not say what those issues were .
Mix in the vanilla until just combined .
The government has a trainload of cash .
That would require a little integrity .
How far she will rise remains to be seen .
She had been born after he was detained .
This means you have to know your rights .
He hit a pole after flying off the track .
Later we discovered the guy was a crook .
The statement did not name a successor .
All living things are interconnected .
But sometimes your mind gets in the way .
The race against narcolepsy had begun .
Dozens of fire trucks were at the scene .
Obama gives powerful drug lobby a seat .
They enhance the scope for leadership .
Just ask anyone with a savings account .
Forget channel surfing from the couch .
None of the bodies had been identified .
He would likely see most of the targets .
There was nothing to dispute this time .
So grab your chance while you still can .
She also does not spend much time there .
They led by as many as nine in the period .
Discounts for groups and weekly stays .
Cars clogged the roads leading inland .
The common female fantasy is richness .
Knowledge of geriatrics can also help .
Zimmer was a decorated police officer .
No one is really sure how many bad loans .
Some green shoots are already wilting .
No one we know has been on holiday there .
They already have the essential trick .
The incident was dealt with brusquely .
He has pleaded not guilty to the charge .
Cleveland won despite a lot of bad luck .
I have well and truly jinxed that woman .
Which of course is a strawman argument .
So the content will not be centralized .
But he does think something is going on .
One was airlifted to another hospital .
Lochte was far from his top form as well .
They are supposed to have magic powers .
He could add that the venue is too small .
Words are no longer taken at face value .
Please check back for further details .
The man needs some serious mental help .
Rihanna had been on standby to testify .
But it is going down that road right now .
The waitress who served him was killed .
Each note offers escape through verse .
Sherpao is a candidate for parliament .
I started to think something was wrong .
That tale was unraveled minutes later .
The finished product is a small wonder .
She undergoes checks every two months .
Both stress continuity above all else .
There are lots of online applications .
A dozen armed court officers looked on .
Get rid of all these useless criminals .
A candidate must give written consent .
Getting open support is another thing .
It had been a long night for both of them .
But this moon was not a fat man climbing .
Which is not the same as a mass audience .
The prospect of a hungry century looms .
But the juvenile foliage is different .
Try these body creams for radiant skin .
I have no idea what kind of turtle she is .
Leno took questions from his audience .
Do not become attached to possessions .
The two countries are longtime allies .
I just really feel for the contestants .
There are several obvious objections .
She left after looking over the damage .
The extent of her injuries was unknown .
The same math has befallen each of them .
Kate struggles with psychotic breaks .
The pollution is pretty bad over there .
Then he headed for the visitors center .
Other banks harbour similar problems .
What a complete waste of a great effort .
Many aside from his family and friends .
But new innovations are good for sales .
Do not underestimate the achievement .
The first is to do more garden planning .
The bomb squad is on its way to the scene .
They say the father was home at the time .
He said the key was to cut down his swing .
No one has ever had so much flung at them .
Telephone reception is intermittent .
You can only hope it will hit the target .
But this is about more than patterning .
The defense attacked her credibility .
Nadal is getting cleverer by the match .
The bag was a little bigger than my fist .
She has deeply hurt us and our families .
The girl was never found or identified .
Other hazards are distinct to the area .
Cases are treatable with antibiotics .
The bug causes vomiting and diarrhoea .
Civil disobedience is the only answer .
It feels very bohemian and enchanting .
I got hold of her and tried to rescue her .
Credit markets have staged a comeback .
At least six of them burned completely .
The first season is a technical marvel .
Naked short selling should be illegal .
The rest search and get straight there .
The prospect for his party is wretched .
But it was also decidedly not the dream .
But there can be too much of a good thing .
But her star status far transcends his .
This fee is called the interchange fee .
Morrisons remains in front of the pack .
It begins if and when things get better .
The lorry driver was taken to hospital .
The convincing part was how they did it .
Police declined to confirm the report .
Harder work than going running with me .
The coming decade may test this belief .
There is more to this than meets the eye .
Fortunately this is a rare occurrence .
But there are some good ideas out there .
Jake can you tell obama the past is gone .
The star of the movie remained defiant .
Obama has improved foreign relations .
But one person has been confirmed dead .
He was taken to a hospital where he died .
The answer lies in its eccentric orbit .
A shame he did not embrace it more often .
I had to get two fixes in the first month .
Wheeler made the name a household word .
Gas is another example failure of this .
Clinton won and revived her candidacy .
And he is deadly serious about winning .
Not least in the international breaks .
We all owe this young man a very big debt .
Both agencies were slow to get started .
He cannot now recall writing the piece .
Eye exercises can improve your vision .
A full obituary will be posted shortly .
It is a thinly disguised dictatorship .
Get the old clunkers off the road today .
It is not clear if they will be deported .
Gutteridge had a bad knee and diabetes .
It was a very different world back then .
It is not yet clear how the fire started .
He will help me to have fun on the course .
Detroit had won its previous two games .
Maybe they need to just call the police .
The event sparked sectarian fighting .
He was also sued twice for malpractice .
Many academics took the opposite view .
First there was the question of rights .
He has been jailed several other times .
But the stance has one little downside .
And they are incredibly conservative .
Please keep that fact in your own house .
It is hard to play quarterback that way .
They are spending less and saving more .
We keep our plans under regular review .
We have not yet decided where it will be .
People have been guillotined for less .
That apparently is not a taboo subject .
Others had a more positive experience .
I love conversations with cab drivers .
He took away so much from so many people .
This whole thing stinks to high heaven .
He died immediately from his injuries .
The new political season is beginning .
David is the saving grace of this novel .
The rich world is already in recession .
The firm is essentially run by traders .
Thank you for your wonderful writings .
The decency was rarely returned to her .
He is quiet and does not seek publicity .
Too open to the refutations of history .
He urged political will to complete it .
Thats a nice looking video projection .
It is not clear if the shooter has a bomb .
One in the eye for the cynics there then .
It sort of comes on when it feels like it .
It was unclear why the couple returned .
Everyone thought it would get rescued .
Smith is happy just to watch and listen .
Yet such a recovery is far from ensured .
Salary commensurate with experience .
Well it is not only the wrecked economy .
One example was the law of provocation .
Quit worrying about his smile already .
This did not come without controversy .
Get involved by making a comment below .
No discernible reaction from the fans .
He only met her once before he chose her .
This is a creation with spunk and spine .
A lot of players are on top of their game .
I am willing to try a fashionable shape .
Protesters split into smaller groups .
Calomiris put her arm around his waist .
The story begins and ends in one season .
They must be through the roof right now .
There are some details we would change .
Presidential elections were looming .
You taking it for granted knocks me out .
A qualified human is required for that .
Pittman was tried as if he were an adult .
She said he never let on if he was scared .
No further infestation has been found .
It seems the sheep on your blog think so .
Fireworks light up the sky at midnight .
Other than one carer who was brilliant .
It was never a game for a trophy or an urn .
Not good enough to satisfy their coach .
Third notch on the chin strap required .
Commission staff acts as prosecutors .
It was heralded as a major racial first .
Simon was once a very effective player .
It has been under repair for four years .
Manga often focuses on action and epic .
He is currently in training at the base .
It is not an inconsequential question .
They turned up during renovation work .
Weekend games tend to sell out quickly .
And your contribution to the debate is .
The result has been a lot of production .
I think he has been a refreshing change .
Some are staying open around the clock .
Here is her guide to selling a business .
It is half what it was when they last met .
Police have launched a witness appeal .
Children do need guidelines and rules .
This strategy seem to have borne fruit .
If you only knew how much we laugh at you .
Biskupski dropped that bill last week .
Harper has information about the book .
There is no doubting his status at home .
Yet for five years the plan got nowhere .
Bring on single payer medicare for all .
That neat trick has now grown trickier .
There were no passengers were on board .
Half the country already dislikes her .
But that scream still carries a charge .
He knew his borrowers and they knew him .
Whoever put this picture up broke down .
The cameras showed who the crooks were .
He would be unstoppable as a candidate .
Diet sodas are a great way to get fatter .
It is impossible to know exact numbers .
Now the schedule becomes much tougher .
Most of their supporters have and will .
Prosecutors did not dispute his claim .
Velez walked with two outs in the fifth .
Now payments are made electronically .
He could have a little more time to mull .
It will be no different this time round .
They may increase the risk of bleeding .
People get a kick out of bungee jumping .
He also connected the two indivisibly .
I still am legally blind in my right eye .
One bird circled the globe three times .
It was a very odd listen through the day .
The hospital was cleared of liability .
The mystery has spawned many theories .
It is a favourite basking site of seals .
Forty firefighters tackled the blaze .
Judges said her claim was not credible .
There was also evidence of voter fraud .
But that explanation may be too simple .
But her policy is easily accommodated .
Ackerman is taking a similar approach .
What an excellent idea in all respects .
My wife has been using dating websites .
Stocks are up sharply in early trading .
The videos can be seen by clicking here .
The company also boosted its dividend .
This is what th author is talking about .
You can see the high water marker there .
He never said anything about swine flu .
Visitors eat and drink as the locals do .
Moussavi says the results were rigged .
Witnesses should contact detectives .
The artists are now the sticking point .
The kill itself is clean and efficient .
The man can do a lot of different things .
Read all of her blogging in our archive .
The first ingredient is circumstance .
Some believe you get it by hoping for it .
We do not understand what is happening .
Its open gun ports allowed the water in .
And in particular his decision to stop .
Labour has good reason to feel nervous .
The case against her was later dropped .
No way are any of them anything like him .
Some shareholders were disappointed .
She is almost three and she is the biter .
A search turned up seven bodies nearby .
Worth another chance on better ground .
I am grateful for their public service .
Finding a new speaker is the first task .
Quite cheering when you think about it .
My first performance review was mixed .
A masterpiece of art and storytelling .
He told police that he often shoplifts .
Major migraines and no hole in my heart .
This is supposed to be a humorous piece .
It is based on sectarian power sharing .
Bond prices fell in premarket trading .
The pain is spreading across the world .
Authorities found the bones last week .
Those were institutional advantages .
Start a petition to get it on the ballot .
The dems have the votes to get this done .
Indonesia remains a constant concern .
People are struggling in this country .
There is also the matter of the pitches .
However now the tougher battle begins .
Yahoo should be ashamed of themselves.
Construction work can be louder still .
They are part of what defines a country .
The evidence is mounting that they are .
Despite his achievement he did not win .
Gonzalez was fired not a minute to soon .
So we have to make good on our potential .
The adult perspective is so important .
There are some spending plans however .
The bus showed no mechanical problems .
Palin is as much of a provider as any man .
Brilliant plan when you think about it .
And only a damn fool would get in the way .
He knew it was good when it left his foot .
Some sort of dual tracking is possible.
The spring will be the critical period .
You are aware of the lessons of the past .
So cold the iguanas fell from the trees .
Video will be a key part of this service .
He remains in custody for questioning .
If the reviews on this blog focused on s .
The game cannot proceed without rules .
But no one is pointing the finger at men .
You people are completely out of touch .
They also heard him once or twice a week .
Slowing fertility has other benefits .
Neda joined the first wave of protests .
Snooper satellite navigation system .
I was one of only a few guests in my hotel .
Now all he has to do it make it home again .
